Justin Ahrens ',' Design can have many types of soul, the key is to have one.
Paul Rand ',' Defamiliarize the ordinary.
Ryan Singer ',' Good ideas turn into good designs fairly quickly. If you catch yourself fiddling too much with colors, borders and treatments to bring a design together, chances are the problem lies somewhere deeper.
Mark Vonnegut ',' When I complained about being paid fifty dollars for an article that had taken me a week to write, he [Kurt] said I should take into account what it would have cost me to take out a two-page ad announcing that I could write.
Kim Krause ',' People always ask, “What do you think of my site?” I want to say back to them, “Who cares what I think. Does it meet your site requirements? Has it been tested? Has each requirement been validated? Are your site guidelines being adhered to?”
Anthony Liccione ',' Her complexity is a glorious fire that consumes, while her simplicity goes unapproachable. But if one takes time to understand her, there is something beautiful to find, something simple to be loved. But she goes unloved, for being misunderstood.
Naoto Fukasawa ',' I’m not thinking about this pen when I’m writing with it. Rather, it’s when you least think about it that the pen can be held most naturally.
Milton Glaser ',' I go to work every morning with the possibility that I might learn something I don’t already know… You should look at every problem and think, ‘what can I learn by doing this?’ And if you think you can learn nothing, forget about doing it.
Ralph Marston ',' Excellence is not a skill, it is an attitude.
Doug Cranmer ',' Design in the key to everything. If you learn how to design you can do anything.
Lukas Mathis ',' I don’t read inspiring books. I find that such books give me a temporal high, but they don’t give me the power to actually follow through. In fact, I suspect these books often serve as a substitute for actual success, rather than as a way of helping people achieve success. By reading inspiring books, you can experience success vicariously; they free you from having to achieve things yourself.
Jack H. Summerford ',' If you have a great idea, it will tell you how to execute it.
Marcus T. Cicero ',' If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter.
Antoine De Saint Exupery ',' It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye.
Leo Burnett ',' Make it simple. Make it memorable. Make it inviting to look at. Make it fun to read.
Nicholas Burroughs ',' Simplicity should be found in the execution, not in the meaning.
Thomas Amador ',' Using a watermark on your work is like peeing on your belongings so no one will steal them.
Tibor Kalman ',' When you make something no one hates, no one loves it.
Photographers’ proverb ',' If you’re presented with a situation – a man is drowning – and you could either choose to save the man or shoot the scene, what kind of film would you use?
Robert Nealan ',' Man up, admit it isn’t good enough, and fix it now.
Cameron Moll ',' Influence is borrowed, inspiration is earned. Create opportunities to earn it, and have a plan to capture it.
Freeman Thomas ',' Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.
Thomas Watson, Jr. ',' Good design is good business.
Robert Henri ',' It is not easy to know what you like. Most people fool themselves their entire lives about this. Self-acquaintance is a rare condition.
Frederic Goudy ',' A man who would letterspace lower case would steal sheep.
Simon Collison ',' To attempt mastery of everything inevitably makes us mediocre in many areas.
Gustave Flaubert ',' Be regular and orderly in your life like a bourgeois, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Chris Anderson ',' Easy is not to be underestimated. Easy taps the pool of talent and ideas out there that were turned off by hard.
Carol Gilligan ',' Theory can blind observation.
Randall Munroe ',' When designing an interface, imagine that your program is all that stands between the user and hot, sweaty, tangled-bedsheets-fingertips-digging-into-the-back sex.
Karrie Jacobs ',' Graphic design is the design of highly disposable items… It all winds up in the garbage.
Jeffrey Brown ',' Do right.
M.C. Escher ',' We adore chaos because we love to produce order.
Dr. Seuss ',' Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.
Stephen Anderson ',' At this point in experience design’s evolution, satisfaction ought to be the norm, and delight out to be the goal.
Bruce Lee ',' It is not daily increase but daily decrease; hack away the unessential.
Kim Goodwin ',' I think if you’re starting out early in the process by talking about your ideas for solutions, you’re already not listening. I think you need to enter into any design project with that zen learner’s mind of ‘I don’t know what I don’t know.’
Art Chantry ',' The big problem is most contemporary design practiced today is not really graphic design, but graphic decoration.
Arthur Schopenhauer ',' Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Babe Ruth ',' The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don’t play together, the club won’t be worth a dime.
Oliver Reichenstein ',' A beef filet cooked for 15 hours by 30 cooks doesn’t necessarily taste better than a cheeseburger.
Derek Sivers ',' The creative person basically has two kinds of jobs: One is the sexy, creative kind. Second is the kind that pays the bills. Sometimes the task at hand covers both bases, but not often.
Steven Brust ',' Don’t explain why it works; explain how you use it.
Seth Godin ',' When we think of design, we usually imagine things that are chosen because they are designed. Vases or comic books or architecture…It turns out, though, that most of what we make or design is actually aimed at a public that is there for something else. The design is important, but the design is not the point. Call it “public design”…Public design is for individuals who have to fill out our tax form, interact with our website or check into our hotel room despite the way it’s designed, not because of it.
Aaron Schwartz ',' Be curious. Read widely. Try new things. I think a lot of what people call intelligence boils down to curiosity.
Jeff Croft ',' I would say my biggest pet peeve related to the industry would be people focusing on technology instead of design, standards instead of users, and validation rather than innovation. Web standards and best practices are noble goals, but all too often in our community people forget they are a means to an end, not the end itself.
James Victore ',' It’s about whittling. It’s about taking something and whittling and whittling and getting it sharp and perfect. Then you’ve got something.
Alvin Lustig ',' I make solutions nobody wants to problems that don’t exist.
Nasa Munir ',' A design is a designer’s mind in a suit.
Mitch Hedberg ',' I was gonna get a candy bar; the button I was supposed to push was “HH”, so I went to the side, I found the “H” button, I pushed it twice. Fuckin’…potato chips came out, man, because they had an “HH” button for Christ’s sake! You need to let me know. I’m not familiar with the concept of “HH”. I did not learn my AA-BB-CC’s. God god, dammit dammit.
Giulio Pinotti ',' Roses are red, violets are blue. I wont send the job unless you pay me.
Terry Pratchett ',' No one is finally dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away, until the clock wound up winds down, until the wine she made has finished its ferment, until the crop they planted is harvested. The span of someone’s life is only the core of their actual existence.
Bertrand Russell ',' One should respect public opinion in so far as is necessary to avoid starvation and to keep out of prison.
Richard Cecil ',' Eloquence is vehement simplicity.
Michael Langham ',' Inspiration the seed. Design but the flower.
Paul Saffo ',' Graphic Designers are idea embalmers, loving undertakers preserving bits of data like so many butterflies pinned to felt in a jewel box.
Dmitry Fadeyev ',' If we have trouble using something then it’s probably because that thing is badly designed, rather than us being stupid.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' Advertising projects, graphic design jobs, architecture assignments, filmmaking, and pretty much every other professional creative service usually begins with smart, talented people shaking hands across a table, and ends in finger-pointing and regret – like a Country & Western love song.
Paula Scher ',' Less is more and more is more. It’s the middle that’s not a good place.
Paula Scher ',' You never can do what the kids do. What you do is look at yourself and find your own way to address the fact that the times have changed and that you have to pay attention. You can’t be a designer and say, “Oh, this is timeless.” Nothing is timeless!
Lukas Mathis ',' The goal is not to make your user interface as realistic as possible. The goal is to add those details which help users identify what an element is, and how to interact with it, and to add no more than those details.
Richard P. Gabriel ',' Suppose I showed you two rooms where in one a group of programmers was developing a program to monitor a heart patient and keep him alive until the doctors arrive if something goes wrong and in the other a group of street people was using Microsoft Word to write letters to their parole officers. You would not be able to tell the rooms apart.
Trent Walton ',' If I want to get hired to do something, I should already be doing it.
Rob Curedale ',' Design is creativity with strategy.
Douglas C. McMurtle ',' We use the letters of our alphabet every day with the utmost ease and unconcern, taking them for granted as the air we breathe. We do not realize that each of these letters is at our service today only as the result of a long and laboriously slow process of evolution in the age-old art of writing.
Paul Rand ',' Art is an idea that has found its perfect visual expression. And design is the vehicle by which this expression is made possible. Art is a noun, and design is a noun and also a verb. Art is a product and design is a process. Design is the foundation of all the arts.
Homer Simpson ',' If something’s hard to do, then it’s not worth doing.
Pierre Bonnard ',' Colour does not add a pleasant quality to design – it reinforces it.
Raphael Henry ',' The same hand can draw art for the sake of emotional expression and design that serves a purpose.
Victor Papanek ',' Design is the conscious effort to impose a meaningful order.
Joseph Joubert ',' Drawing is speaking to the eye; talking is painting to the ear.
Paul Standard ',' Geometry can produce legible letters, but art alone makes the beautiful. Art begins where geometry ends, and imparts to letters a character transcending mere measurement.
Thomas Vasquez ',' I’ve always held to the belief that the practice of creating compelling graphic design occurs not by employing the principals of a democracy, but rather, that of a monarchy.
Martin Aquino ',' The sharpness of the sword is not in the edge of the blade, but in the hand of the warrior.
Andrés Contenti ',' If design becomes your life, you can be sure a lot of people will be making their living thanks to your designs.
Ron Miriello ',' We’re all naturally curious when we’re eight years old. But as most people get older, they become less and less curious, so they ask other people to be curious for them. That’s what I do for a living.
Don Norman ',' The inventors will invent, for that is what inventors do. The technology will come first, the products second, and then the needs will slowly appear, as new applications become luxuries, then “needs,” and finally, essential.
Edward Tufte ',' There is no such thing as information overload, just bad design. If something is cluttered and/or confusing, fix your design.
William Childs ',' Sometimes you can draw more inspiration from the people who don’t believe in you, then from the ones who do.
Tate Linden ',' Good designers are praised for their technique, great designers for their impact.
Chet Atkins ',' Copying one person is stealing. Copying ten is research.
Carin Goldberg ',' As a graphic designer, I like to collaborate. I don’t want to be in a cold garret somewhere smoking unfiltered Camels all by myself with paint all over my body.
Veerle Pieters ',' I’m always surprised by the speed that people judge a site. They’ve seen it for a few seconds, and already an opinion has been formed. When I look at a design of a site, I don’t immediately vent an opinion, but I take it all in slowly and start to think of what could have been on the mind of the designer.
Kevin Rose ',' Don’t spend too much time planning, release early and often, some things will work, others won’t, refine and move forward and above all forget the money, just make sure you love what you’re doing.
William Allin ',' Education is not the answer to the question. Education is the means to the answer to all questions.
Peter Landt ',' A successful design career is possible without forfeiting self-respect as long as you do not undervalue (or overvalue) your work.
C.A.R. Hoare ',' There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
Tim Brown ',' Where you innovate, how you innovate, and what you innovate are design problems.
Mike Tyson ',' Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.
Louis Sullivan ',' Form follows function.
Joe Sparano ',' Design is content with intent. Content without intent is noise. Intent without content is decoration.
William Morris ',' History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed; art has remembered the people, because they created.
Greg Hudson ',' It is important not to let the perfect become the enemy of the good, even when you can agree on what perfect is. Doubly so when you can’t. As unpleasant as it is to be trapped by past mistakes, you can’t make any progress by being afraid of your own shadow during design.
Peter Phillips ',' Often design departments are viewed as little decoration groups… They’ll make everything look pretty. Well, I can tell you, that doesn’t work.
Charles Bukowski ',' Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must live.
William Strunk Jr. ',' A drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts.
Scott Adams ',' Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Design is knowing which ones to keep.
Piet Zwart ',' Color is a creative element, not a trimming.
Paul Rand ',' Design is the silent ambassador of your brand.
Chip Kidd ',' Design is a response to a specific problem. You are given a problem to solve, and then you let the problem itself tell you what your solution is.
Truman Capote ',' A work of art is one of mystery, the one extreme magic; everything else is either arithmetic or biology.
Paul Rand ',' Good ideas rarely come in bunches. The designer who voluntarily presents his client with a batch of layouts does so not out prolificacy, but out of uncertainty or fear.
Tony Stanton ',' Design to communicate, not just decorate.
Chuck Klosterman ',' The worst thing you can do to anybody trying to be creative is to demand participation in their vision.
Robin Perkins ',' We can’t just design an item that looks great. We also have to anticipate how it is boxed up, distributed, and shipped, as well as whether or not a seventeen-year-old kid with a summer job can stock it on the store shelf without ruining it.
John Mason Brown ',' The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
James Kingman ',' Don’t stare at a blank page for too long, be bold, and make the first incisive stroke. The rest will come naturally.
Paul Heckel ',' Because every person knows what he likes, every person thinks he is an expert on user interfaces.
David Ogilvy ',' Senior men have no monopoly on great ideas. Nor do creative people. Some of the best ideas come from account executives, researchers and others. Encourage this, you need all the ideas you can get.
Jay Benjamin ',' The difference between an artist and a graphic designer. One says “it’s finished when I feel it’s finished” the other says “I will have this by the 30th.”
Milton Glaser ',' I have always railed against ideological purity, or any other kind. Corruption is more interesting than purity.
Jonathan Ive ',' The word design is everything and nothing. The design and the product itself are inseparable.
Brian Eno ',' Instead of shooting arrows at somebody else’s target… I make my own target around wherever my arrow has happened to have landed.
James Victore ',' Inspiration is hogwash. My work comes directly out of my loves and hates. Muses don’t whisper in my ear, and ideas don’t flow over my body like a cool rain.
R. Klanten, H. Hellige ',' Today’s designers and illustrators are synthesizing the best elements from past eras of graphic design to create a new visual language with a reduced and rational approach.
Bill Bernbach ',' Rules are what the artist breaks; the memorage never emerged from a formula.
David Ogilvy ',' In most agencies, account executives outnumber the copywriters two to one. If you were a dairy farmer, would you employ twice as many milkers as you had cows?
Victoria Pater ',' Only show work you like, or you’ll end up being hired to do things you don’t like.
Reinhold Niebuhr ',' God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference
Frank Zappa ',' Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
Bruno Munari ',' A designer is a planner with an aesthetic sense.
Frank Capra ',' A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
John Gruber ',' Simply making decisions, one after another, can be a form of art.
Don Draper ',' Clients don’t understand their success is reliant on standing out, not fitting in.
Jon Landau ',' Be a part of the innovation that leads the wave. Don’t wait for technology to catch up to you or you’ll end up sliding down the back side of that wave. If you choose to be a part of it happening, you can ride on top.
Mahatma Gandhi ',' A customer is the most important visitor on our premises.He is not dependent on us. We are dependent on him.He is not an interruption of our work. He is the purpose of it.He is not an outsider to our business. He is part of it.We are not doing him a favour by serving him.He is doing us a favour by giving us the opportunity to do so.
Ken Dyment ',' In design, there is no such thing as “rules”. There is however, common sense.
Judd Apatow ',' I am always driven by the terror of humiliation.
Hillman Curtis ',' The goal of a designer is to listen, observe, understand, sympathize, empathize, synthesize, and glean insights that enable him or her to make the invisible visible.
Will Rogers ',' If advertisers spent the same amount of money on improving their products as they do on advertising then they wouldn’t have to advertise them.
Tom Peters ',' The dumbest mistake is viewing design as something you do at the end of the process to ‘tidy up’ the mess, as opposed to understanding it’s a ‘day one’ issue and part of everything.
Martin Gardner ',' The sudden hunch, the creative leap of mind that “sees” in a flash how to solve a problem in a simple way, is something quite different from general intelligence.
Rebekah Cox ',' A lot of companies have tried to support designers by giving them “a seat at the table.” What this usually means in practice, however, is that a designer is sitting at the table well after the important product decisions that influence the design have been made. This is usually where complicated and muddy designs are born.
Helen Keller ',' The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Von Glitschka ',' A healthy creative process should be able to give a coherent rationale to a client as to why you designed what you designed.
Bernard Shaw ',' Interesting things never happen to me. I happen to them.
Lita Albuquerque ',' Sometimes I’m amazed that I spend my days creating magic and fantasy and that people buy it. It’s like connecting with the inner child in me; I’m just having a great time, and I’m chuckling to myself that this is really happening, that I can do this with my life.
Wouter Stokkel ',' It’s art if it can’t be explained. It’s fashion if no one asks for an explanation. It’s design if it doesn’t need explanation.
Ray Bradbury ',' Those who don’t build must burn.
Jonathan Ive ',' Objects and their manufacture are inseparable, you understand a product if you understand how it’s made.
Jay-Z ',' Be fluid. Treat each project differently. Be water, man. The best style is no style. Because styles can be figured out. And when you have no style they can’t figure you out.
Joe Sparano ',' Good design is obvious. Great design is transparent.
Bill Bernbach ',' I warn you against believing that advertising is a science.
Brian Yerkes ',' Some designers create things to show you what they did. I design things to tell you what I solved.
Lucian Bernhard ',' Modern typographic axioms:Different purpose demands different style.The modern reader has no leisure.Gutenberg left no rules for automobile ads.Today’s reader doesn’t read — he glimpses.Lucidity, clarity, fitness is the aim.
David Ogilvy ',' If it doesn’t sell it isn’t creative.
Ira Glass ',' Great stories happen to people who can tell them.
Robert L. Peters ',' Design is the application of intent – the opposite of happenstance, and an antidote to accident.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' If everyone likes your design, it’s banal. Mediocrity shirks offense. Art dares it.
Brian Webb ',' The difference between regulated architects and unregulated designers is, unlike buildings, letterheads don’t fall down and kill people.
Karen McGrane ',' Give a crap. Don’t give a fuck.
Ellen Lupton ',' It is easier to talk than to listen. Pay attention to your clients, your users, your readers, and your friends. Your design will get better as you listen to other people.
Drew Davies ',' Good design must be defined by appropriateness to audience and goals, and by its effectiveness, not by its adherence to Swiss design or the number of awards it wins.
David Gelernter ',' Beauty is the ultimate defense against complexity.
Warren Buffett ',' Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
H. Ross Perot ',' If you see a snake, just kill it. Don’t appoint a committee on snakes.
Andrew Hunt ',' The ability to change on a dime is one thing small teams have by default that big teams can never have. This is where the big guys envy the little guys. What might take a big team in a huge organization weeks to change may only take a day in a small, lean organization. That advantage is priceless.
Stefan Sagmeister ',' You can have an art experience in front of a Rembrandt… or in front of a piece of graphic design.
James Weaver ',' Web design is art wrapped in technology.
Aaron Russell ',' Every designers’ dirty little secret is that they copy other designers’ work. They see work they like, and they imitate it. Rather cheekily, they call this inspiration.
Charles Eames ',' The details are not the details. They make the design.
Paula Scher ',' It took me a few seconds to draw it, but it took me 34 years to learn how to draw it in a few seconds.
Sherlock Holmes ',' I have no data yet. It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.
Si Scott ',' I really like looking at design and thinking: that attention to detail must have taken absolutely ages.
Frank Chimero ',' If you can’t draw as well as someone, or use the software as well, or if you do not have as much money to buy supplies, or if you do not have access to the tools they have, beat them by being more thoughtful. Thoughtfulness is free and burns on time and empathy.
Donald Rumsfeld ',' As we know,There are known knowns.There are things we know we know.We also knowThere are known unknowns.That is to sayWe know there are some thingsWe do not know.But there are also unknown unknowns,The ones we don’t knowWe don’t know.
Jakob Nielsen ',' Consistency is one of the most powerful usability principles: when things always behave the same, users don’t have to worry about what will happen. Instead, they know what will happen based on earlier experience.
Steve Krug ',' Experts are rarely insulted by something that is clear enough for beginners. Everybody appreciates clarity.
Erik Spiekermann ',' You are what you are seen to be.
Lana Rigsby ',' Begin with the end in mind.
Melissa Sisco ',' Design is more about the process than it is about the resulting prettiness.
Paul Rand ',' If a design can be refined, without disturbing its image, it seems reasonable to do so. A logo, after all, is an instrument of pride and should be shown at its best.
Paul Rand ',' Innovation leads one to see the new in the old and distinguishes the ingenious from the ingenuous.
Saul Bass ',' I want everything we do to be beautiful. I don’t give a damn whether the client understands that that’s worth anything, or that the client thinks it’s worth anything, or whether it is worth anything. It’s worth it to me. It’s the way I want to live my life. I want to make beautiful things, even if nobody cares.
Justin Ahrens ',' We tend to forget there’s more to design than designing.
Astik Pant ',' A good design is driven by needs and defined by constraints.
Robert A. Heinlein ',' Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Terry Irwin ',' High degrees of specialization may be rendering us unable to see the connections between the things we design and their consequences as they ripple out into the biosphere.
Robert Bringhurst ',' A man who would letterspace lower case would steal sheep, Frederic Goudy liked to say. If this wisdom needs updating, it is chiefly to say that a woman who would letterspace lower case would steal sheep as well.
Pearl S. Buck ',' The secret of joy in work is contained in one word: excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
Dave Kotler ',' Copywriting is definitely the profession most written about.
Yasin Japardi ',' There’s no shortcut for greatness.
Frank Gehry ',' Your best work is your expression of yourself. Now, you may not be the greatest at it, but when you do it, you’re the only expert.
Aarron Walter ',' Designers shooting for usable is like a chef shooting for edible.
Winnie The Pooh ',' I shall sing that first line twice, and perhaps if I sing it very quickly, I shall find myself singing the third and fourth lines before I have time to think of them, and that will be a Good Song.
Robert Otani ',' I try to take my camera everywhere with me so that I’ll be ready when unicorns crapping rainbows come flying in from the heavens.
Ralph Caplan ',' [Designers’] primary competence lies not in the technicalities of a craft but in the mastery of a process.
Yogi Berra ',' You can observe a lot just by watching.
Michael Arrington ',' I don’t care if you’re a billionaire. If you haven’t started a company, really gambled your resume and your money and maybe even your marriage to just go crazy and try something on your own, you’re no pirate and you aren’t in the club.
Joel Spolsky ',' There’s a subtle reason that programmers always want to throw away the code and start over. The reason is that they think the old code is a mess. […] The reason that they think the old code is a mess is because of a cardinal, fundamental law of programming: It’s harder to read code than to write it.
Alan Turing ',' We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
Peter Gabriel ',' All of the buildings, all of those cars were once just a dream in somebody’s head.
Henry Ford ',' If I’d asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse.
Bill Buxton ',' Now that we can do anything, what should we do?
Carlos Segura ',' Communication that doesn’t take a chance doesn’t stand a chance.
Richard C. Trench ',' Language is the amber in which a thousand precious and subtle thoughts have been safely embedded and preserved.
Massimo Vignelli ',' The life of a designer is a life of fight: fight against the ugliness.
Jason Fried ',' There’s way too much talk about CSS and XHTML and Standards and Accessibility and not enough talk about people. CSS and Standards Compliant Code are just tools – you have to know what to build with these tools. Great, I’m glad your UI doesn’t use tables. So what? Who cares if it still doesn’t let people achieve their goals.
Philip Glass ',' You get up early in the morning and you work all day. That’s the only secret.
Bradford Sherrill ',' Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
Douglas Adams ',' I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they go by.
Claude Bernard ',' Art is I; science is we.
Woody Allen ',' If you’re not failing every now and again, it’s a sign you aren’t doing anything very innovative.
Craig Damrauer ',' Advertising = Hey You + Buy Something
Paul Ford ',' … people in the newspaper industry saw the web as a newspaper. People in TV saw the web as TV, and people in book publishing saw it as a weird kind of potential book. But the web is not just some kind of magic all-absorbing meta-medium. It’s its own thing.
Jim Rohn ',' Money is usually attracted, not pursued.
David A. Stuebe ',' Don’t try and reinvent the wheel – just work on making it better than anyone else.
Gabe Boning ',' Everybody’s a web designer until, you know, they actually try to do it.
Mark Gobe ',' When we feel less secure, with less control over our daily lives, we reach out to brands to connect with a time when things seemed better.
Bill Bernback ',' Never do anything yourself that you can hire someone else to do, especially if they can do it better.
Cecil B. DeMille ',' Creativity is a drug I cannot live without.
Jason M. Blumer ',' You do a disservice to your clients when you don’t fire the bad ones because you eventually provide poor service to those you don’t want to serve.
Bruce Tognazzini ',' If you are demanding registration before checkout, you need to cease this practice immediately. It is costing you a fortune.
Albert Einstein ',' If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.
Ron Swanson ',' Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
Don Draper ',' Says who? Just so you know, the people who talk that way think that monkeys can do this. They take all this monkey crap and just stick it in a briefcase completely unaware that their success depends on something more than their shoeshine. YOU are the product. You- FEELING something. That’s what sells. Not them. Not sex. They can’t do what we do, and they hate us for it.
Barry Roos ',' To ignore social media would be like early man ignoring fire.
Brian Reed ',' Everything is designed. Few things are designed well.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' Web design is the creation of digital environments that facilitate and encourage human activity; reflect or adapt to individual voices and content; and change gracefully over time while always retaining their identity.
Khoi Vinh ',' Unsolicited redesigns are terrific and fun and useful, and I hope designers never stop doing them. But as they do so, I also hope they remember it helps no one – least of all the author of the redesign – to assume the worst about the original source and the people who work hard to maintain and improve it, even though those efforts may seem imperfect from the outside.
Tim Brennan ',' Here’s how we work. Somebody calls up with a project; we do some stuff; and the money follows.
Andy Rutledge ',' Beautiful accidents can happen, but accident is not the basis for design excellence. Purposeful discovery followed by focused, skillful conceptualization and execution is the basis for design excellence.
Paul Jacques Grillo ',' Simplicity does not mean want or poverty. It does not mean the absence of any decor, or absolute nudity. It only means that the decor should belong intimately to the design proper, and that anything foreign to it should be taken away.
Edward Tufte ',' To clarify, add detail. Imagine that, to clarify, add detail. Clutter and overload are not attributes of information, they are failures of design. If the information is in chaos, don’t start throwing out information, instead fix the design.
Tom Peters ',' Design is so critical it should be on the agenda of every meeting in every single department.
Marissa Mayer ',' Google has the functionality of a really complicated Swiss Army knife, but the home page is our way of approaching it closed. It’s simple, it’s elegant, you can slip it in your pocket, but it’s got the great doodad when you need it. A lot of our competitors are like a Swiss Army knife open – and that can be intimidating and occasionally harmful.
Chad McMillan ',' Designing something is like having a baby. Asking me to try another design once I’ve birthed something amazing is like asking me to put the baby back in the womb and try again. That never works out for anyone.
Rebecca Rolfe ',' Instead of asking the user to make a choice up front, maybe we can set a smart default and see if there is high demand after launch for more customization.
Jenaiha Woods ',' Design is the contrast of the core of limitations therefore there are no boundaries. It is simply an interpretation of creativity.
Tim Ferriss ',' One can steal ideas, but no one can steal execution or passion.
John Gruber ',' If your UI even vaguely resembles an airplane cockpit, you’re doing it wrong.
Marty Neumeier ',' The most innovative designers consciously reject the standard option box and cultivate an appetite for thinking wrong.
Ed Frank ',' I think there are two types of people in this world – people who can start things and people who can finish things. And while I place great value on the finishers, it’s the starters who are rare because they can envision what isn’t there.
Lowell Williams ',' I look for three things in a project: 1) Compelling work; 2) fun client; 3) astronomical fees. However, to have a successful project, I really only need two out of three. For example, I’ll do great work with fun people for nothing and still feel rewarded. Or, I’ll do great work for a mean, stupid client for outrageous money. Or, I’ll do boring work with somebody I like a lot for more money than one can imagine. Anytime I’m faced with only one of the three it’s time to rethink the relationship. Actually, it’s time to move on.
Jef Raskin ',' However, I’ve always been more concerned with users. Programmers do their work but once, while users are saddled with it ever thereafter.
Loren Brichter ',' I like jumping back and forth between a few different things to let my subconscious chew on one problem while my conscious works on something else.
Ivan Chermayeff ',' Design is directed toward human beings. To design is to solve human problems by identifying them and executing the best solution.
Jared M. Spool ',' Once you eliminate quality as a requirement, the entire design process becomes a whole lot easier.
David Leggett ',' Be friendly to those who enjoy your work and friendlier to those who attack it.
Scott Stevenson ',' Visual design is often the polar opposite of engineering: trading hard edges for subjective decisions based on gut feelings and personal experiences. It’s messy, unpredictable, and notoriously hard to measure. The apparently erratic behavior of artists drives engineers bananas. Their decisions seem arbitrary and risk everything with no guaranteed benefit.
Nicholas Petersen ',' Good design is finding a solution to a problem. Great design is finding the simplest solution to the same problem.
Michael Bierut ',' If you do good work for good clients, it will lead to other good work for other good clients. If you do bad work for bad clients, it will lead to other bad work for other bad clients.
Christoph Niemann ',' Simplicity is not about making something without ornament, but rather about making something very complex, then slicing elements away, until you reveal the very essence.
Marc-Oliver Gern ',' Ideas trump aesthetics. Convenience trumps UI. Content trumps platforms.
Josh Collinsworth ',' If you haven’t surprised yourself yet, you haven’t done enough sketching.
Pablo Picasso ',' Good designers copy; great designers steal.
Louis Kahn ',' The nature of space reflects what it wants to be.
Samadara Ginige ',' Why expect spec work from a graphic designer when you don’t expect the same from a dentist?
Fran Lebowitz ',' I for one absolutely and unequivocally refuse to be bullied about by a thing’s capacity to absorb light. There is nothing less appealing than a color fraught with meaning – the very notion is boisterous, inappropriate, and marked by the dreariest sort of longing.
Vital Lokossou ',' Tech without design is the business’s perdition.
Zuzana Licko and Rudy VanderLans ',' A mystery is the most stimulating force in unleashing the imagination.
Steve Honey ',' You don’t get harmony if everyone sings the same note.
Howard Thurman ',' Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it.
Judy Garland ',' Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else.
Lisa Manson ',' A graphic designer is a machine that turns coffee into beautiful, functional imagery.
Victor Papanek ',' Design for many instead of designing for money.
W.A. Dwiggins ',' The first word of the first line is the critical word of that particular body of text. Let it start flush, at least.
Steve Jobs ',' Most people make the mistake of thinking design is what it looks like. People think it’s this veneer – that the designers are handed this box and told, “Make it look good!” That’s not what we think design is. It’s not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
Milton Glaser ',' Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.
Nicholas Negroponte ',' Where do new ideas come from? The answer is simple: differences. Creativity comes from unlikely juxtapositions.
Ron Miriello ',' Creativity is in everyone; it just manifests itself differently with each person. My CPA, for example, is one of the most creative people I know.
GZA ',' Where I come from, gettin’ visual is habitual.
Chris Bangle ',' Designers think everything done by someone else is awful, and that they could do it better themselves, which explains why I designed my own living room carpet, I suppose.
Jonathan Hoefler ',' There’s a difference between making an imitation and selling it.
Whitney Hess ',' “It looks good” is the worst feedback you can get.
Dmitry Fadeyev ',' Good design at the front-end suggests that everything is in order at the back-end, whether or not that is the case.
Tord Boontje ',' Modernism does not mean minimalism, contemporary does not forsake tradition, and technology does not mean abandon people and senses.
Antoine de Saint Exupéry ',' Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Miles Redd ',' Buy the best and you only cry once.
Wim Hovens ',' Good design is in all the things you notice. Great design is in all the things you don’t.
Luke Wroblewski ',' Losing 80% of your screen space forces you to focus. You need to make sure that what stays on the screen is the most important set of features for your customers and your business. There simply isn’t room for any interface debris or content of questionable value. You need to know what matters most.
The Studebaker Brothers ',' Always give a little more than you promise.
Linda Naiman ',' When we engage in what we are naturally suited to do, our work takes on the quality of play and it is play that stimulates creativity.
Jack Kerouac ',' Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
Pablo Picasso ',' Every act of creation is first an act of destruction.
Micha Commeren ',' The function of design is letting design function.
Jamie Croft ',' Client: “My wife doesn’t like it”; Designer: “Well then, I don’t like your wife”
Samadara Ginige ',' Research not to discover what’s already there, but to discover what’s not.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe ',' Less is more.
Otl Aicher ',' In design man becomes what he is.Animals have language and perception as well,but they do not design.
Mark Twain ',' If you want me to give you a two-hour presentation, I am ready today.  If you want only a five-minute speech, it will take me two weeks to prepare.
Dorothy Parker ',' I’d rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
Michael Osborne ',' A well-defined problem is half solved.
Sherlock Holmes ',' No, Watson, this was not done by accident, but by design.
Matt Beale ',' Design is about making things good (and then better) and right (and fantastic) for the people who use and encounter them.
Daniel Hudson Burnham ',' Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty.
David Lewis ',' Truly elegant design incorporates top-notch functionality into a simple, uncluttered form.
John Maeda ',' Design is a solution to a problem. Art is a question to a problem.
Paul Boag ',' Offend nobody, design for somebody.
Paul Rand ',' A logo doesn’t sell, it identifies. A logo derives its meaning from the quality of the thing it symbolizes, not the other way around. A logo is less important than the product it signifies; what it means is more important than what it looks like.
Thomas Manss ',' To create a memorable design you need to start with a thought that’s worth remembering.
Tom Waits ',' The large print giveth and the small print taketh away.
Louis Silverstein ',' It isn’t a question of enhancement through design. Whether an editor realizes it or not, design is part of what he does every time he prints the paper.
Daniel Mall ',' Technology over technique produces emotionless design.
Confucius ',' I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Chris Pullman ',' Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking.
Thomas Jefferson ',' The hole and the patch should be commensurate.
Jeffrey Veen ',' Designers can create normalcy out of chaos; they can clearly communicate ideas through the organising and manipulating of words and pictures.
Sir Alec Issigonis ',' A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
Stephen Tiano ',' If the reader notices the interior page design of a book – even if he or she likes what they see – I’ve missed, because I distracted them from their reading.
Jordan Manigo ',' As a designer, I find it difficult not to judge a book by its cover.
Bruce Mau ',' The word ‘studio’ is derives from ‘study’. Our object is not to know the answers before we do the work. It’s to know them after we do it.
Milton Glaser ',' My adventure has all been in my mind. The great adventure has been thinking. I love to think about things. I think that the lack of drama in my life has produced a platform for me to be fundamentally adventurous in my thinking.
Dan Phillips ',' Clients are full of surprises. Design is what you make of the surprises.
Albert Einstein ',' Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius – and a lot of courage – to move in the opposite direction.
Leonard Bernstein ',' To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time.
Dan Vore ',' The best way to find any and all errors is to publish your work.
William Firebrace ',' Don’t think.
Leonardo da Vinci ',' Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Colin Wright ',' Art is like masturbation. It is selfish and introverted and done for you and you alone. Design is like sex. There is someone else involved, their needs are just as important as your own, and if everything goes right, both parties are happy in the end.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' Whether the task is writing, design, or hanging a picture straight, it is obvious that we do our best work when healthy, rested, refreshed, alert, and eager to do the job for its own sake.
Ernest Hemingway ',' Write drunk; edit sober.
Josef Muller-Brockmann ',' The grid system is an aid, not a guarantee. It permits a number of possible uses and each designer can look for a solution appropriate to his personal style. But one must learn how to use the grid; it is an art that requires practice.
Rem Koolhaas ',' I can think of nothing worse than becoming really popular, being all the rage.
Ralf Speth ',' If you think good design is expensive, you should look at the cost of bad design.
Henrik Fiskar ',' If design isn’t profitable, then it’s art.
Cennydd Bowles ',' We explore promising avenues that, days later, become dead ends. Sometimes, we solve a month’s problem in an hour.
George Nelson ',' You don’t think your way to creative work. You work your way to creative thinking.
Brian Fitzpatrick ',' Do what I want, not what I say.
Winston Churchill ',' However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
Josh Olson ',' It rarely takes more than a page to recognize that you’re in the presence of someone who can write, but it only takes a sentence to know you’re dealing with someone who can’t.
Jerry Seinfeld ',' Everything was just a wild guess. And it takes a while to get confident that you’re guessing pretty good.
Joan Miro ',' The works must be conceived with fire in the soul, but executed with clinical coolness.
Armin Vit ',' Never stand still. If you stand still, you get lost, because someone else is always moving.
Joshua Brewer ',' Just because something looks good doesn’t mean its useful. And just because something is useful does not make it beautiful.
John C Jay ',' If all else fails, [working harder than anyone else] is the greatest competitive advantage of any career.
Erik Adigard ',' Design is in everything we make, but it’s also between those things. It’s a mix of craft, science, storytelling, propaganda, and philosophy.
Art Webb ',' IF YOU MAKE EVERYTHING BOLD, NOTHING IS BOLD.
Marty Amsler ',' A good portfolio will get you an interview. A good attitude will get you a job.
Alex Osborn ',' Worry is essentially a misuse of imagination.
Fabien Barral ',' Designers are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Amber Seree Allen ',' A designer who gives her art away, makes no pay. A designer who keeps her art to herself, makes no friends.
Pablo Picasso ',' Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working.
Dieter Rams ',' …is innovative…makes a product useful…is aesthetic…helps a product to be understood…is unobtrusive…is honest…is durable…is thorough to the last detail…is concerned with the environment…is as little design as possible
Philippe Starck ',' When I design, I don’t consider the technical or commercial parameters so much as the desire for a dream that humans have attempted to project onto an object.
James Hague ',' It’s extremely difficult to be simultaneously concerned with the end-user experience of whatever it is that you’re building and the architecture of the program that delivers that experience.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery ',' If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up people to collect wood and don’t assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
Christopher Simmons ',' A great logo isn’t going to make a shitty product any less shitty, any more than a hard worker is going to make a bad boss a compelling leader.
Paula Scher ',' That’s why pro bono work is great. You choose to do it, and if you’re choosing to do it to grow your own work, your deal is essentially that you’re not going to collaborate. You’re going to do the job the way you think the job is gonna be done.
Neil Gaiman ',' You have to finish things — that’s what you learn from, you learn by finishing things.
Ruby Vanderlans ',' I don’t think that all people read in the same way. Today, entire generations are growing up watching MTV and playing video games and it is safe to assume that these people have a high degree of visual sophistication. and are not easily discouraged by a lens straightforward or ambiguous typography. On the contrary, they are attracted and enticed to read something because of visual richness.
Davey Coleman ',' Creative thinking may mean simply the realization that there’s no particular virtue in doing things the way they have always been done.
Samadara Ginige ',' A good design solves a problem. A bad design creates many.
Nathan Rice ',' At the end of the day, pretty colors make people drool.
Neil Hunt ',' a 5% feature (used by less than 5% of all users) is a distraction for all the other users, and is better removed, unless it’s really critical (a small number of users do need to cancel service, for example).
Startup L. Jackson ',' Y’all talk about UX like it’s just another feature. For a user, it literally is the product. Full stop. Everything else is inside baseball.
Jim Jarmusch ',' Nothing is original. Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul. If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic. Authenticity is invaluable; originality is nonexistent. And don’t bother concealing your thievery – celebrate it if you feel like it.
Aarron Walter ',' If there is one word I’d like to remove from any conversation about design, it’s “pretty.”
Philip Carrera ',' It has taken my entire life to understand what I already knew about creating art in 3rd grade.
Wim Crouwel ',' The grid is like the lines on a football field. You can play a great game in the grid or a lousy game. But the goal is to play a really fine game.
Eliel Saarinen ',' Always design a thing by considering it in its next larger context – a chair in a room, a room in a house, a house in an environment, an environment in a city plan.
Shawn Leslie ',' Good design means never having to say “Click Here.”
Moby ',' My secret is being not terrible at a lot of things.
Dan Rubin ',' Limit your usage to two fonts (three at the absolute most) to help viewers focus on the words, not how many different fonts are saying them.
Milton Glaser ',' The real issue is not talent as an independent element, but talent in relationship to will, desire, and persistence. Talent without these things vanishes and even modest talent with those characteristics grows.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, it’s decoration.
William Edmund Hick ',' The time it takes to make a decision increases as the number of alternatives increases.
Rian Hughes ',' How can there be too many typefaces in the world? Are there too many songs, too many books, too many places to go?
Hugh Macleod ',' Nobody can tell you if what you’re doing is good, meaningful or worthwhile. The more compelling the path, the more lonely it is.
William Childs ',' Much like music, great art is also found in the spaces between your graphic elements.
James Bradley ',' We don’t get hired to make pretty things or win design awards. We get hired to solve business problems.
Jeremy Allison ',' We have to learn to see technical devices and software as others see them. Feeling a sense of pride in getting a device to do what we want doesn’t mean we’re clever, it means the design was wrong.
Frank Lloyd Wright ',' You can use an eraser on the drafting table or a sledge hammer on the construction site.
Peter Bilak ',' Right and wrong do not exist in graphic design. There is only effective and non-effective communication.
Marshall McLuhan ',' The medium is the message.
Sharon Moore ',' Great ideas, like babies, are often conceived after a few glasses of wine.
Alexander Isley ',' It takes a lot of effort to make something seem effortless.
James Joyce ',' Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Benjamin Cavanagh ',' A computer without Photoshop is like a dog with no legs. Sure is fun, but you can’t really do anything with it.
David Craib ',' The objective in times of economic restraint should be to seek excellence, not opulence.
David A. Stuebe ',' Brand identity is too often limited to personal style.
Daniel Burka ',' Wonderfully designed > beautifully designed. Any day.
Lee Clow’s Beard ',' An ad should be an appetizer, not a buffet.
Jack Moffet ',' Broken gets fixed. Shoddy lasts forever.
Bertrand Russell ',' In all affairs it’s a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.
Danny Sengers ',' Good designs come from the heart, not from the brain.
Achille Castiglioni ',' Delete, delete, delete and at the end find the ‘core aspect of the design’.
Epictetus ',' No great thing is created suddenly.
Sonal Nayyar ',' Visualization without Design is merely a dream. Design without Visualization just passes the time.
John Underkoffler ',' Design is crucially important. We can’t have advances in technology any longer, unless design is integrated from the very start.
Michelangelo ',' If you knew how much work went into it, you would not call it genius.
Mark Gobé ',' We live in a society where everybody feels guilty. We want to do good, but we don’t want to get out of the house. A brand can help us feel good if you buy this yogurt.
Jonah Lehrer ',' The only way to be creative over time — to not be undone by our expertise — is to experiment with ignorance, to stare at things we don’t fully understand.
Arman Nobari ',' Design is more of a kitchen than a knife, and more of a lab than a beaker.
Douglas Martin ',' Questions about whether design is necessary or affordable are quite beside the point: design is inevitable. The alternative to good design is bad design, not no design at all.
Greg Breeding ',' One of the most significant differences between graphic designers and other visual artists is our unhinged love of typography.
Sean Adams ',' The pushy bird gets the worm.
Joel Fisher ',' I In fact choose to use a coffeemaker to boil vegetables. Why? Because if I used something else that just makes coffee, my client would ask me “Can it boil vegetables?”
Orson Welles ',' The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
Henry David Thoreau ',' Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Randall Munroe ',' I find that when someone’s taking time to do something right in the present, they’re a perfectionist with no ability to prioritize, whereas when someone took time to do something right in the past, they’re a master artisan of great foresight.
William Caslon ',' When in doubt, use Caslon.
Louis C.K. ',' I love making the stuff, that’s sort of the core of it. I love creating the stuff. It’s so satisfying to get from the beginning to the end, from a shaky nothing idea to something that’s well formed and the audience really likes. It’s like a drug: You keep trying to do it again and again and again. I’ve learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.
Lorinda Mamo ',' Every great design begins with an even better story.
Joshua Brewer ',' Socrates said, “Know thyself.”I say, “Know thy users.”And guess what? They don’t think like you do.
Ryan Nance ',' There is an unmistakeable difference between a bag of rabbit parts and a rabbit.
Alan Fletcher ',' I find going to bed and pulling my imagination over my head often means waking up with a solution to a design problem. That state of limbo, the time between sleeping and waking, seems to allow ideas to somehow outflank the sentinels of common sense. That’s when they can float to the surface. I find ideas often show up in the shower, or while I’m contemplating marmalade and toast and breakfast.
Shaun White ',' I’m a big fan of doing what you are really bad at. A lot.
Michael Schrage ',' Never show fools unfinished work.
Drory Ben-Menachem ',' You don’t have to be “a creative” to be creative.
Santiago Borray ',' Design is like a mom, nobody notices when she’s around, but everybody misses her when she’s not.
Marc English ',' Sometimes you have to keep ideas for decades before they have any use.
Bruce Ediger ',' The only “intuitive” interface is the nipple. After that it’s all learned.
Cool Hand Luke ',' What we got here is… failure to communicate.
Tanner Christensen ',' Even large companies need small logos.
Samantha LeVan ',' Your opinion won’t matter. It’s important that you prove your point with numbers.
Clint Runge ',' I try not to think out of the box anymore, but on its edge, its corner, its flap, and under its bar code.
Jessica Hische ',' Every new thing you make will be (should be) the nicest thing you’ve made so far, because you’re learning and getting better with each and every new project.
Neville Brody ',' An electrician isn’t an opinion former, but a graphic designer is. My argument is that all graphic designers hold high levels of responsibility in society. We take invisible ideas and make them tangible. That’s our job.
Allan Branch ',' Put yourself out there, being awesome is long tail.
Saul Bass ',' If I do my job well, the identity program will also clean up the image of the company, position it as being contemporary and keep it from ever looking dated.
Dan Rubin ',' If you find an element of your interface requires instructions, then you need to redesign it.
Lukas Mathis ',' Redesigning somebody else’s product is always a tricky business. You don’t know why they made the decisions they made. You don’t have the data they have.
Joshua Blankenship ',' But the web will still be full of arrogant, uninformed, polarizing, self-promoting, controversy-creating content that has ramifications no one wants to own up to. And consequently, the web will still be lacking in common courtesy, humility, and the admittance that most of us don’t know best. Which is sad, mostly because it’s true.
Don Norman ',' If you’re more susceptible to interruption, you do more out of the box thinking.
Isaac Bashevis Singer ',' Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
William Percy Weston ',' It’s strange, I’ve seen colours at times that when I’ve gone back to check on them, they’ve vanished…
Anthony Burgess ',' Translation is not a matter of words only: it is a matter of making intelligible a whole culture.
Petrula Vrontikis ',' Practice safe design: Use a concept.
Frank Chimero ',' I think design would be better if designers were much more skeptical about its applications. If you believe in the potency of your craft, where you choose to dole it out is not something to take lightly.
Chuck Green ',' Good design is partially creativity and innovation, but primarily knowledge and awareness.
Salvador Dali ',' At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
Chuck Jones ',' The whole essence of good drawing—and of good thinking, perhaps—is to work a subject down to the simplest form possible and still have it believable for what it is meant to be.
Dave Hoover ',' The critical distinction between a craftsman and an expert is what happens after a sufficient level of expertise has been achieved. The expert will do everything she can to remain wedded to a single context, narrowing the scope of her learning, her practice, and her projects. The craftsman has the courage and humility to set aside her expertise and pick up an unfamiliar technology or learn a new domain.
Gidsy.com ',' Descriptions are like skirts, they should be long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to keep things interesting.
Marty Neumeier ',' Design is easy. All you do is stare at the screen until drops of blood form on your forehead.
Nick Law ',' Creativity is a habit. It’s not something that happens in the shower.
The Doorknob (Alice In Wonderland) ',' Nothing’s impossible.
Jennifer Morla ',' Accidents often produce the best solutions… only you can recognize the difference between an accident and your original intent.
Daniel Burka ',' The next time you’re caught in a room full of smart people doing something dumb (like trying to anticipate what your users will do), tune them out, flip open your laptop, and start prototyping.
Frank Chimero ',' To make pearls, you’ve got to eat dirt.
Anthon Beeke ',' Having a style is like being in jail.
Dieter Rams ',' Having small touches of colour makes it more colourful than having the whole thing in colour.
David Carson ',' It’s not about knowing all the gimmicks and photo tricks. If you haven’t got the eye, no program will give it to you.
Jimi Hendrix ',' I’ve been imitated so well I’ve heard people copy my mistakes.
William Addison Dwiggins ',' In the matter of layout, forget art and use horse-sense. The printer-designer’s  whole duty is to make a clear presentation of the message… This calls for an exercise of common sense and faculty of analysis rather than for art.
Charles Eames ',' Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design.
Dr. Seuss ',' I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It’s a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life’s realities.
Leo Frankowski ',' A designer can mull over complicated designs for months. Then suddenly the simple, elegant, beautiful solution occurs to him. When it happens to you, it feels as if God is talking! And maybe He is.
Frank Chimero ',' People ignore design that ignores people.
John Maeda ',' Simplicity and complexity need each other.
Aristotle ',' We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit.
Benny Hill ',' Just because nobody complains doesn’t mean all parachutes are perfect.
Dylan Thomas ',' You can tear a poem apart to see what makes it tick… You’re back with the mystery of having been moved by words. The best craftsmanship always leaves holes and gaps… so that something that is not in the poem can creep, crawl, flash or thunder in.
Alexander McQueen ',' There is no better designer than nature.
Leo Burnett ',' Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people.
Branch Rickey ',' Luck is the residue of design.
Jeff Croft ',' Do you validate other people’s markup? Yes? You’re an asshole.
Arthur C. Clarke ',' Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Buckminster Fuller ',' A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutio­nary strategist.
Kenya Hara ',' Verbalizing design is another act of design.
Josh Collinsworth ',' Choosing a typeface is an act of subtlety, like casting an actor: the best person to play a gardener is somebody who looks like they might belong outdoors — not somebody who is covered in flowers and shrubbery.
Gerry McGovern ',' Traditional marketing is often seeing is getting people to do things but I think web marketing is about helping people do things.
Tom Watson ',' It’s quicker to hate on a design picking out all the little things that should have done than to just do something great yourself.
Merlin Mann ',' People with tiny glasses and costly shoes can always find a couple of hours to explain how you did it all wrong.
Walt Disney ',' You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
Hoss Gifford ',' I met with a potential client today and part of their opening gambit was how they were looking for revolutionary work delivered within a tight timescale, and if the work could be done a reduced rate then they’d be able to send a load more work our way. … They were saying that they wanted work that was fast, good, and cheap. And if the work was fast, good, and cheap enough, the reward would be the offer of more work that is fast, good, and cheap. … Let me be clear about this, these people are evil, and their work is poison.
Unknown ',' Don’t let the truth get in the way of a good story
E.H. Gombrich ',' Every picture owes more to other pictures painted before than it owes to nature.
Jesse Thorn ',' I just worked hard and tried to make my thing better.
Michalangelo ',' One paints with one’s head, not one’s hand.
Buzz Andersen ',' I think most programmers spend the first 5 years of their career mastering complexity, and the rest of their lives learning simplicity.
Bob Gill ',' No matter how many times your amazing, absolutely brilliant work is rejected by the client, for whatever dopey, arbitrary reason, there is often another amazing, absolutely brilliant solution possible.Sometimes it’s even better.
Mat Marquis ',' Some people want their paychecks and to go home, and that’s fine. You and me, though—we’re gonna work harder than they do. We’ll build things that ensure that entire populations just setting foot on the web for the first time can tap into the collected knowledge of the whole of mankind.
Lisa Manson ',' If you want a quick logo that has no research, brand definition or storytelling as part of its development, then you are buying ART not DESIGN. Design creates connections.
George Santayana ',' Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies, and humors.
Stefan Hartwig ',' Start with a sketch, but make it quick. There’s real work to be done.
Jonathan Rez ',' Ability proceeds from a fusion of skills, knowledge, understanding and imagination, consolidated by experience.
Kris Sowersby ',' Like McDonalds proves, popular doesn’t necessarily mean good. I’m not particularly interested in what’s popular; I’m much more interested in what’s good.
David Starr ',' Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.
David Karp ',' For every new feature we add, we take an old one out. A lot of big sites don’t do that, and it’s a problem. Twitter started as a beautifully simple product, but it’s now going the same route as Facebook. The drive to innovate can overencumber and destroy a product.
Michael Stinson ',' Graphic design is building systems.
Nick Longo ',' The space between an idea and a concept is your lips. If you can’t say it out loud you can’t do it.
Oliveiro Toscani ',' Everybody in advertising is blonde, beautiful, families are happy, care are never in traffic, everything is shiny, food looks like it’s incredibly taseful. I ask myself, “How stupid are we?”
Nolan Bushnell ',' The ultimate inspiration is the deadline.
Ferdinand A. Porsche ',' Design must be functional and functionality must be translated into visual aesthetics, without any reliance on gimmicks that have to be explained.
Chad Mazzola ',' Nobody ever get fired for running an A/B test.
Justin French ',' Call me a minimalist, call me boring and practical, whatever, but sometimes the best way to say something is with a word.
Mike Monteiro ',' Let the design team be the design experts. Your job is to be the business expert. Ask them how their design solutions meet your business goals. If you trust your design team, and they can explain how their recommendations map to those goals, you’re fine. If you neither trust them, nor can they defend their choices it’s time to get a new design team.
Marty Neumeier ',' The best design tool is a long eraser with a pencil at one end.
Julia Child ',' Find something you’re passionate about and keep tremendously interested in it.
Gerard Huerta ',' When you are stuck, walk away from the computer and draw. It will teach you how to see.
Andrew Lewis ',' I love the comment, “You must love designing for a living.” At that point I usually start to laugh or break into uncontrollable tears.
Howard Aiken ',' Don’t worry about people stealing an idea. If it’s original, you will have to ram it down their throats.
Mike Davidson ',' I didn’t get into design to be an artist. To me, an artist creates things to evoke emotion. Being a designer goes a step further than that, not only trying to evoke emotion but trying to make a reaction. It is very objective-driven, and that’s what makes it interesting.
Andrea Trew ',' It’s not about what you make, it’s about what you make them feel.
Chuck Close ',' The advice I like to give young artists, or really anybody who’ll listen to me, is not to wait around for inspiration. Inspiration is for amateurs; the rest of us just show up and get to work.If you wait around for the clouds to part and a bolt of lightning to strike you in the brain, you are not going to do an awful lot of work. All the best ideas come out of the process; they come out of the work itself.Things occur to you. If you’re sitting around trying to dream up a great idea, you can sit there a long time before anything happens. But if you just get to work, something will occur to you and something else will occur to you and something else that you reject will push you in another direction.Inspiration is absolutely unnecessary and somehow deceptive. You feel like you need this great idea before you can get down to work, and I find that’s almost never the case.
Von R. Glitschka ',' Listen to your client, take into consideration all of their input, weigh the options, study the details, know the target audience, and then, if necessary, ignore all of it and design what you think will work best.
Eric Karjaluoto ',' Whether we like it or not, our legacy as designers is ugly. We’re largely responsible for fueling a culture of consumption.
Paul Scrivens ',' I’m creative because I did an icon navigation while everyone else on the planet sticks to words? No, it just means I didn’t want to stick to convention. If anything you can call it rebellious but certainly not creative.
Henry Ford ',' Whether you think you can or whether you think you can’t – you are right.
Leonardo da Vinci ',' Learning never exhausts the mind.
Bryan Lawson ',' Do we really need a simple definition of design or should we accept that design is too complex a matter to be summarized in less than a book?
Craig Frazier ',' For me, discomfort is a signal of an exceptional concept. When I’m totally comfortable with a concept, I’ve probably used it fore or seen it somewhere else. Discomfort is almost a prerequisite for a great idea.
Bill Gardner ',' Every night I pray that clients with taste will get money and clients with money will get taste.
Stephen King ',' The scariest moment is always just before you start.
Michael Bierut ',' Most of the mediocre design today comes from designers who are faithfully doing as they were taught in school: they worship at the altar of the visual.
Albert Einstein ',' If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Suleiman Leadbitter ',' Design trends online change more often than the wind, and slightly less often than my socks.
Annette Simmons ',' Whoever tells the best story wins.
Justin Giovanetti ',' Designing with watermarked photos is like baking with fake sugar.
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne ',' Better to be tentative than to be recklessly sure—to be an apprentice at sixty, than to present oneself as a doctor at ten.
Kyle Matthew Hansen ',' Complexity is the enemy of reliability.
Human Factors International ',' If the users can’t find it, the function’s not there.
Rian Hughes ',' What I’m trying to produce is the visual equivalent of the chord change that makes the hairs on the back of your neck stand up.
Sam Ward ',' Sure, our competitors will laugh. Let them laugh so hard that they cannot breathe.
Peter Saville ',' Design has become the cover for unnecessary consumption.
Otl Aicher ',' Good art inspires; Good design motivates.
Simon Campbell ',' Stick to your knitting (what you’re good at), don’t compromise, and don’t suffer fools.
Rod Knowlton ',' I blame television and movies, especially cop shows. “Can you improve the resolution on that face?” “Sure, let me just pull some information that was never captured out of my ass.”
Jonathan Lethem ',' Inspiration could be called inhaling the memory of an act never experienced.
Jesse James Garrett ',' Problems with visual design can turn users off so quickly that they never discover all the smart choices you made with navigation or interaction design.
Erik Spiekermann ',' We are interpreters – not merely translators between sender and receiver. What we say and how we say it makes a difference. If we want to speak to people, we need to know their language. In order to design for understanding, we need to understand design.
Mieke Gerritzen ',' Good design goes to heaven; bad design goes everywhere.
Ellen Lupton ',' Urban public space is a stage for viewing the field of graphic design in its diversity. A mix of voices, from advertising to activism, compete for visibility.
Hick’s Law ',' The time it takes to make a decision increases as the number of alternatives increases.
Jenn Loots ',' Honesty is the best policy, unless you work in advertising.
Justin Davidson ',' The Fire Department has traditionally considered architecture a priority only when it’s burning down.
Kelsey Ruger ',' In business we do a great job learning and teaching the tools for optimizing our results (how to build), but not a lot of time exploring the tools that will help us understand the experience we should be creating (what we should build).
Duane Michals ',' It’s not in the vulgar, it’s not in the shock that one finds art. And it’s not in the excessively beautiful. It’s in between; it’s in nuance.
Charles Eames ',' Here is one of the few effective keys to the design problem — the ability of the designer to recognize as many of the constraints as possible — his willingness and enthusiasm for working within these constraints. Constraints of price, of size, of strength, of balance, of surface, of time and so forth.
Johnnie Manzari ',' Smart people are attracted to stories, not feature lists.
Valerie Pettis ',' Design is the search for a magical balance between business and art; art and craft; intuition and reason; concept and detail; playfulness and formality; client and designer; designer and printer; and printer and public.
Robert Brunner ',' Five years ago, the heroes were technologists. Today, the heroes are designers building out a user experience. You can have the most amazing technology in the world, but if it’s not put in a form that’s useful and desirable, you won’t be successful.
Garth Walker ',' Only work with people you’d invite to your home for a meal.
Joel Fisher ',' Designing for clients that don’t appreciate the value of design is like buying new tires for a rental car.
Asher Trotter ',' Creating something out of thin air is easy. It’s finding the air that’s hard.
Rami Hassan ',' If you spend an hour now, you can save five later.
Zuzana Licko ',' We read best what we read most.
Susan Sontag ',' Real art has the capacity to make us nervous.
Kenny Shopsin ',' It’s OK to do stupid things, except when you notice them.
Collis Ta’eed ',' Things you think are obvious often aren’t, text you thought explained something doesn’t even get read, and generally speaking users do things they weren’t supposed to do. Even if the only user testing you ever do is asking some friends to use a site while you observe them, you’ll already be better for it.
D.H. Lawrence ',' Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can’t invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.
Shaker Philosophy ',' Don’t make something unless it is both necessary and useful; but if it is both necessary and useful, don’t hesitate to make it beautiful.
George Dyson ',' Information is cheap, meaning is expensive.
Lou Holtz ',' Show me someone who has done something worthwhile, and I’ll show you someone who has overcome adversity.
Paul Heckel ',' If Ernest Hemingway, James Mitchener, Neil Simon, Frank Lloyd Wright, and Pablo Picasso could not get it right the first time, what makes you think that you will?
Robert Peloschek ',' I believe that a good user interface is carefully targeted towards its audience, with the right mixture of simplicity, elegance and innovation.
Cameron Moll ',' It is a mistake to think that you are the typical target user.
Neville Brody ',' Design is more than just a few tricks to the eye. It’s a few tricks to the brain.
Mike Monteiro ',' A good designer finds an elegant way to put everything you need on a page. A great designer convinces you half that shit is unnecessary.
Mark Twain ',' I never let my schooling get in the way of my education.
Dan Lacivita ',' We are not artists or poets. We are artisans and craftsmen. Our products solve problems. They do not hang on museum walls.
Jim Coudal ',' If it’s a good idea and it gets you excited, try it, and if it bursts into flames, that’s going to be exciting too. People always ask, ‘What is your greatest failure?’ I always have the same answer—We’re working on it right now, it’s gonna be awesome!
Paul Rand ',' The designer is not always right. The researcher is not always wrong. Profit is not always the motive; market research, whatever its outcome, should never be used as a good excuse for bad design – in the same sense that good design should never be used to promote a bad product.
Nicholas Burroughs ',' Minimalism is not a lack of something. It’s simply the perfect amount of something.
Bryan Grezeszak ',' The most effective way to make a design usable is to make it interesting enough that people want to use it.
Scott Adams ',' Here’s the world’s worst idea for a movie: Titanic. It did okay at the box office.
William Beck ',' I have thought about the nature of this creative process and have reached a somewhat aberrant conclusion. I don’t understand it and I don’t think anyone else does either.
Jack Schulze ',' Some people say design is about solving problems. Obviously designers solve problems but so do dentists. Design is about cultural invention.
Rohan Nanavati ',' There is only one type of designer — the type that cares about type.
Stefan Sagmeister ',' Work your ass off. Don’t be an asshole.
Ira Glass ',' All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it’s just not that good. It’s trying to be good, it has potential, but it’s not. But your taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people never get past this phase, they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative work went through years of this. We know our work doesn’t have this special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know it’s normal and the most important thing you can do is do a lot of work … It is only by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and your work will be as good as your ambitions … It’s gonna take awhile … You’ve just gotta fight your way through.
Saul Bass ',' There is nothing glamorous in what I do. I’m a working man. Perhaps I’m luckier than most in that I receive considerable satisfaction from doing useful work which I, and sometimes others, think is good.
Alan Cooper ',' No matter how cool your interface is, it would be better if there were less of it.
Red Adair ',' If you think it’s expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur.
Joseph Beuys ',' Everyone is an artist.
Marc Grabanski ',' Hackers don’t need idea people when they are the idea people.
Ludwig Wittgenstein ',' Everything that can be said, can be said clearly.
Gary Busey ',' Your imagination is the hood ornament on the car of creativity.
Ettore Sottsass ',' I try and be as stupid as possible regarding my profession, which means I try to look at as few design magazines as possible.
Gombrowicz ',' Stop being afraid of your own pictures, stop worshiping art, treat it the Polish way, condescendingly, make it obedient, and then your originality will release itself in you, new roads will open in front of you and you will gain what is most valuable, most fertile: your own reality.
Marc Johns ',' I like my ARTSY with a little bit of FARTSY.
Steve Jobs ',' Almost everything – all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure – these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
Pierre Auguste Renoir ',' There are some things in painting which cannot be explained, and that something is essential.
John Allsopp ',' The control which designers know in the print medium, and often desire in the web medium, is simply a function of the limitation of the printed page. We should embrace the fact that the web doesn’t have the same constraints, and design for this flexibility. But first, we must “accept the ebb and flow of things.”
Oscar Wilde ',' Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Donald Judd ',' Design has to work, art does not.
Eleanor Roosevelt ',' Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.
Steve Jobs ',' Design is the fundamental soul of a human-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service.
Oscar Wilde ',' The ugly can be beautiful. The pretty, never.
Derek Vigil ',' It’s all fun and games until someone breaks a link.
Jacob Cass ',' There are no bad ideas, just bad decisions.
Russell Bishop ',' Never re-invent the wheel, unless you’re sure the client needn’t go anywhere.
Mother Teresa ',' We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.
Wayne Dyer ',' The difference between a weed and a flower is a judgement.
Steve Jobs ',' Creativity is just connecting things. When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn’t really do it, they just saw something. It seemed obvious to them after a while.
David Ogilvy ',' Imitation may be the “sincerest form of plagiarism,” but it is also the mark of an inferior person.
Meredith Norwood ',' To some degree, to be creative you have to be selfish.
Henry David Thoreau ',' It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.
Antoine de Saint Exupéry ',' A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Richard Saul Wurman ',' Most of what we see that we call information doesn’t inform, and most questions do not have a quest.
Paul Rand ',' Any system that sees aesthetics as irrelevant, that separates the artist from the product, that fragments the work of the individual, or creates by committee, or makes mincemeat of the creative process will in the long run diminish not only the product but the maker as well.
Felix Sockwell ',' Do what you love and tomorrow will pay the rent.
Kevin Potts ',' To be truly great, we have to understand the motivation of our clients, maintain constant two-way communication with shockingly uncreative people, get a firm handle on copywriting and how that craft exists symbiotically with the visual element, and foresee how the finished whole will be greater than the sum of the bits and pieces we spent hours obsessing over. All of these factors cascade into the final product.
Massimo Vignelli ',' There is no design without discipline. There is no discipline without intelligence.
Samadara Ginige ',' Design is everywhere. From the dress you’re wearing to the smartphone you’re holding, it’s design.
Charles Eames ',' Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose.
Despair Poster ',' Just because you’ve always done it that way doesn’t mean it’s not incredibly stupid.
Arnie Lund ',' Know thy user, and you are not thy user.
D. Keith Robinson ',' A person tends to critique a design in one of several ways. The most common, and usually least valuable, is by gut reaction.
Arlen Britton ',' Legibility is not the same thing as readability.
Michael Stinson ',' Just let the type just do what it does.
Aristotle ',' The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
Michelle Obama ',' What I love about design is the artistic and scientific complexity that also becomes useful…
Brian Wangila ',' All the magic, be it in code or design, starts with a clear mind, pen and a blank paper.
Yogesh Kumar ',' Knowing the difference between how to draw a line vs knowing where and when to draw a line are entirely different things.
Christine Suewon Lee ',' I find modernist design boring, but it so much faster!
Douglas Adams ',' The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair.
Natalya Shelburne ',' Don’t you miss doing creative stuff, as an engineer? Don’t you miss the creativity of the art world? You can say: I’m working on an infinite canvas capable of any size and shape, that’s already glowing every color possible into the eyes of just about everyone on the planet. And I get to decide the kind of experience, feeling, and emotion they are going to have. How is that not creative?
Jeff Bezos ',' If you never want to be criticized, for goodness’ sake don’t do anything new.
Gabriel von Satzger ',' Owning a camera doesn’t make you a photographer.
Sir Ken Robinson ',' If you’re not prepared to be wrong, you’ll never come up with anything original.
Pete Episcopo ',' Everything we do communicates.
Scott Hanselman ',' The difference between a Designer and Developer, when it comes to design skills, is the difference between shooting a bullet and throwing it.
Jeff Croft ',' Check your bookshelf. If it’s full of titles on HTML, CSS, and the like, instead of typography, color, and layout, you may be missing a key ingredient in the designer’s knowledge diet.
Christopher Peterson ',' If you never venture outside the box, you will probably not be creative. But if you never get inside the box, you will certainly be stupid.
Fiona Morrison ',' When a company gets to certain size, it’s easy just to let things happen. You have to constantly craft and nurture a brand. You can’t just let it be or it’ll fritter away to mediocrity.
Raymond Loewy ',' Good design keeps the user happy, the manufacturer in the black and the aesthete unoffended.
Art Chantry ',' An old surrealist trick was to take images that had no business being together and plopping them into the same image. Your mind wants to make associations. Design does that all the time.
Frank Chimero ',' There’s a point when you’re done simplifying. Otherwise, things get really complicated.
Johanna Drucker ',' I don’t think that design needs theory, but I think designers need theory.
Albert Einstein ',' We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Joss Whedon ',' Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.
John Maeda ',' The typeface doesn’t really matter, as long as the text is good.
Steve Krug ',' Testing one user early in the project is better than testing fifty near the end.
Paul Watzlawik ',' You cannot not communicate.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' Spec = asking the world to have sex with you and promising a dinner date to one lucky winner.
Mark Boulton ',' I think design covers so much more than the aesthetic. Design is fundamentally more. Design is usability. It is Information Architecture. It is Accessibility. This is all design.
Raymond Joseph Teller ',' Sometimes magic is just someone spending more time on something than anyone else might reasonably expect.
George Carlin ',' The secret of success is doing something you love, doing it well and being recognized for it.
Cameron Moll ',' Too often, look and feel, color scheme, layout, and identity are presented as solutions to problems discussed in these conversations long before regard is given to other less-aesthetic issues that may very well be the root of the problem. The old warning against treating symptom rather than cause comes to mind.
Kent Beck ',' By far the dominant reason for not releasing sooner was a reluctance to trade the dream of success for the reality of feedback.
Quentin Tarantino ',' I want to risk hitting my head on the ceiling of my talent. I want to really test it out and say: O.K., you’re not that good. You just reached the level here. I don’t ever want to fail, but I want to risk failure every time out of the gate.
Anton Peck ',' Creativity isn’t worth a thing if it isn’t served with an equal amount of reliability.
Stephanie Rieger ',' The most valued products will be designed to live beyond the device, context, or technology they were originally intended for.
Jakob Nielsen ',' The web is the ultimate customer-empowering environment. He or she who clicks the mouse gets to decide everything. It is so easy to go elsewhere; all the competitors in the world are but a mouseclick away.
Milton Glaser ',' The next time you see a sixteen-color, blind-embossed, gold-stamped, die-cut, elaborately folded and bound job, printed on handmade paper, see if it isn’t a mediocre idea trying to pass for something else.
David Stuart ',' Designers tend to whisper, ad agencies tend to shout.
Bryan Lawson ',' Design is as much a matter of finding problems as it is solving them.
Christopher Zeeman ',' Technical skill is mastery of complexity, while creativity is mastery of simplicity.
Rem Koolhaas ',' The good is not a category that interests me.
Steven Snell ',' Whenever I have an idea I write it down, even if it’s not a very good idea. Sometimes the bad ideas will lead to better ones.
Bill Cahan ',' Clients have no trouble paying $5,800 for an hour in a Gulfstream corporate jet or $425 for a month of parking. But God forbid they spend $3 per on a glossy annual report.
Shel Silverstein ',' When the light turns green, you go.When the light turns red, you stop.But what do you do when the light turns blue with orange and lavender spots?
Paul Graham ',' The easy, conversational tone of good writing comes only on the eighth rewrite.
Ellen Lupton ',' Design is an art of situations. Designers respond to a need, a problem, a circumstance, that arises in the world. The best work is produced in relation to interesting situations – an open-minded client, a good cause, or great content.
Alan Fletcher ',' “What is the most treasured and well-used piece of equipment in your studio?” My head.
Wihan Meerholz ',' Tell it like it is, in a way they want to hear it.
Bryan Tamayo ',' In the design process, my gut instinct is my best critic. I just wish I would always listen to it!
Mandy Brown ',' A well-designed text will seem weightless after a time; the initial feel of the book fades away as the mind becomes engrossed in the words.
Bill Watterson ',' You mix a bunch of ingredients, and once in a great while, chemistry happens.
Ross Lovegrove ',' I rarely agree with what clients ask me to do.
Michael Stinson ',' Letterspacing creates speedbumps for the reader.
Charles Limb ',' Creativity is magical, but is not magic.
Don Draper ',' You came here because we do this better than you, and part of that is letting our creatives be unproductive until they are.
Rick Cook ',' Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to build bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning.
Von R. Glitschka ',' The client may be king, but he’s not the art director.
D. H. Lawrence ',' Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can’t invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.
David Hockney ',' Art has to move you and design does not, unless it’s a good design for a bus.
Matt Mullenweg ',' Usage is like oxygen for ideas.
Stefan Stagmeister ',' Complaining is silly. Act or forget.
Anonymous ',' The amount a person uses his imagination is inversely proportional to the amount of punishment he will receive for using it.
Steve Byers ',' Typography is a beautiful group of letters, not a group of beautiful letters.
Jerry Yang ',' It is a pretty recognizable brand name. Originally it was “Jerry’s Guide to the World Wide Web” but we settled on “Yahoo”.
Napoleon Hill ',' A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Milton Glaser ',' I think what I feel fortunate about is that I am still astonished – that things still amaze me. And I think that that’s a great benefit of being in the arts, where the possibility for learning never disappears; where you basically have to admit you never learn it.
Nate Simpson ',' It takes the same amount of effort to make bad art as to make good art, and you won’t know which you’ve made until you release it into the wild. You can continue to refine a work until it doesn’t set off your own quality alarms, but that’s no guarantee that what you’ve made will touch anybody.
Marty Neumeier ',' Designers don’t actually solve problems. They work through them.
Marshall Bonobos ',' I loathe the phrase “no questions asked.” Great service is about communication, sincerity, and action – not blind automation.
Shunryu Suzuki ',' When you do something, you should burn yourself up completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself.
Gonxalo Blanco ',' There’s no duo more passionate than the design and me.
David Carson ',' Graphic design will save the world right after rock and roll does.
Bernice Fitz-Gibbon ',' Creativity often consists of merely turning up what is already there. Did you know that right and left shoes were thought up only a little more than a century ago?
Guy Kawasaki ',' …the wisest course of action is to take your best shot with a prototype, immediately get to market, and iterate quickly. If you wait for ideal circumstances in which you have all the information you need (which is impossible) the market will pass you by.
Jan Michl ',' Design is redesign.
Old Saying ',' Keep it simple, stupid!
Dieter Rams ',' 1. Good design is innovative2. Good design makes a product useful3. Good design is aesthetic4. Good design makes a product understandable5. Good design is unobtrusive6. Good design is honest7. Good design is long-lasting8. Good design is thorough, down to the last detail9. Good design is environmentally friendly10. Good design is as little design as possible
FAKEGRIMLOCK ',' IDEA BY SELF IS COLD. JUST SIT THERE. DO NOTHING.IF WANT DO SOMETHING, NEED FIRE.
Charles Mingus ',' Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that’s creativity.
Michael Mistretta ',' I think advertising is a brilliant concept that has been pooped upon by selfish marketers, resulting in corrupted motives and flawed execution.
Pablo Picasso ',' Every child is an artist. The challenge is to remain an artist after you grow up.
Michael Bierut ',' A lot of the things about design that tend to get designers really interested aren’t that important.
Gilda Radner ',' I can always find love, but eventually I get horny for my creativity.
Curt Cloninger ',' To dismiss front-end design as mere ‘icing’ is to jeopardize the success of any site.
Ingmar Bergman ',' I make all my decisions on intuition. But then, I must know why I made that decision. I throw a spear into the darkness. That is intuition. Then I must send an army into the darkness to find the spear. That is intellect.
Ellen Ullman ',' We build our computer systems the way we build our cities: over time, without a plan, and on top of ruins.
Wim Crouwel ',' Of course design is about problem solving, but I cannot resist adding something personal.
Dork Tower ',' Photoshop is a privilege, not a right.
Woody Allen ',' The best an idea gets is when it’s in your head.
Jay Bradner ',' Stop downloading. Start uploading.
Charles Willson ',' The definition of an expert is someone who knows what not to do.
Dragos Roua ',' Perfection is boring. Getting better is where all the fun is.
Sonia Rykiel ',' It doesn’t matter one damn bit whether fashion is art or not. You don’t question whether an incredible chef is an artist or not – his cakes are delicious and that’s all that matters.
John Gruber ',' The quality of any creative endeavor tends to approach the level of taste of whoever is in charge.
John Maeda ',' The simplest way to achieve simplicity is through thoughtful reduction.
Gertrude Stein ',' Everyone gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Martin LeBlanc ',' A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it, it’s not that good.
Sara Genn ',' Having a favourite colour is like having a favourite lung.
Mark Boulton ',' To push the boundaries, you need to know where the edges are.
Jonas Downey ',' Web design has a bad reputation for being stylistically trendy and same-looking. Some guy does a parallax scrolling site, and now your boss wants you to add that to your corporate PR website for some reason. Glossy buttons, Gaussian Noise, linen texture, new things that look fake-old, then back to minimalism and flat colors as a reaction to the glossy noisy textured fake-old stuff.
Michael Bierut ',' Designers tend to overvalue differentiation and originality. We are taught this in design school. The best solutions are created ex nihilo, break new ground, resemble nothing else in the world. Everyone wants to stand out, or else what’s the point? But this isn’t true. Most people don’t want to stand out. They want to fit in. More precisely, they want to fit in with the people they like, or want to be like.
Ken Cato ',' Most trademarks don’t look that good on the radio.
Stella Adler ',' Life beats down and crushes the soul, and art reminds you that you have one.
Rasha Hamdan ',' Practicality is the serial killer of dreams.
Mirko Ilic ',' Think 8 hours, work 2 hours.
Jan Tschichold ',' Perfect typography is certainly the most elusive of all arts. Sculpture in stone alone comes near it in obstinacy.
Andy J. Pizza ',' Nothing will crush your creative career like the weight of trying to make it a masterpiece.Leave the art to the stuff you make, let the career be a big messy experiment.
Paul Rand ',' Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions; there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that’s why it is so complicated.
Jef I. Richards ',' Creative without strategy is called ‘art‘. Creative with strategy is called ‘advertising‘.
Brandon Mull ',' Smart people learn from their mistakes. But the real sharp ones learn from the mistakes of others.
Paul Sahre ',' I think designers who aren’t selfish do really awful work.
Bill Bernbach ',' Just because your ad looks good is no insurance that it will get looked at. How many people do you know who are impeccably groomed… but dull?
Frank Chimero ',' Good design is all about making other designers feel like idiots because that idea wasn’t theirs.
Shawn Lukas ',' When typography is on point, words become images.
George Bernard Shaw ',' If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
Ellen Lupton ',' Design is as much an act of spacing as an act of marking.
Thomas Edison ',' Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
Mark Zuckerburg ',' There’s a difference between being obsessed and being motivated.
Phil Karlton ',' There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things.
Von Glitschka ',' Embrace change or become a Design-O-Saur.
Paul Rand ',' Simplicity is not the goal. It is the by-product of a good idea and modest expectations.
P.S.C. Trier ',' Propaganda supersedes fact, truth and common sense in all cases.
John Wanamaker ',' Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is I don’t know which half.
Chris Anderson ',' The enemy of every author is not piracy, but obscurity.
William Mocca ',' Wondering is the seed of genius.
Steven Walker ',' The majority of iteration should be done in the privacy of your own head.
Katherine McCoy ',' The challenge is for the graphic designer to turn data into information and information into messages of meaning.
Eric Gill ',' There are now about as many different varieties of letters as there are different kinds of fools.
Arman Nobari ',' Passion, dedication, and silly lists of what designers need are what designers need.
Thomas Manss ',' Decoration is just make-up for the wrinkles of the idea.
Walker Evans ',' Stare. It is the way to educate your eye, and more. Stare, pry, listen, eavesdrop. Die knowing something. You are not here long.
Frank Lloyd Wright ',' I know the price of success: dedication, hard work & an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Rastko Ciric ',' An inexperienced observer sees everything in a picture; the experienced one sees even the things that are missing.
Unknown ',' Not everyone notices the flowers you plant, but everyone will notice the fire you start.
Stephen King ',' If you don’t have time to read, you don’t have the time or the tools to write.
Bjarni Wark ',' Without good design it is easy to miss the point.
Ellen Lupton ',' Think more, design less.
Jacob Cass ',' Remember it takes a lot of shit, to create a beautiful flower.
Chip Kidd ',' Never fall in love with an idea. They’re whores. If the one you’re with isn’t doing the job, there’s always, always, always another.
Henry Dreyfuss ',' [If] people are made safer, more comfortable, more eager to purchase, more efficient, or just happier, the designer has succeeded.
Diti Katona ',' A confident client will see your confidence as strength, not arrogance.
Jim Olen ',' Great ideas can be found in every leaf, in every tree, in every blade of grass. Oh, no, wait… I was thinking of chlorophyll.
Alexander Isley ',' Get in over your head as often and as joyfully as possible.
Frank Chimero ',' Done is beautiful.
Stephen Fry ',' As if a device can function if it has no style. As if a device can be called stylish that does not function superbly… yes, beauty matters. Boy, does it matter. It is not surface, it is not an extra, it is the thing itself.
Dave Winer ',' The easier you make it for people to go, the more likely they are to stay.
Laura Mallonee ',' Photographing something is a way of possessing it. It confirms your connection to places and objects once distant and remote, making the world slightly smaller and less alienating.
Tom Preston-Werner ',' A perfect implementation of the wrong specification is worthless. By the same principle a beautifully crafted library with no documentation is also damn near worthless. If your software solves the wrong problem or nobody can figure out how to use it, there’s something very bad going on.
Pablo del Valle ',' My eyes hurt, but my hand keeps sketching.
Michael Bierut ',' Clients are the difference between design and art.
Seth Godin ',' Fire the committee. No great website in history has been conceived of by more than three people. Not one. This is a dealbreaker.
Andy Rutledge ',' The way to “get your name out there” is to establish a pattern of excellent work and a reputation for integrity over several years.
Colin Chapman ',' Simplify, then add lightness.
Erik Adigard ',' Design is a mix of craft, science, storytelling, propaganda, and philosophy.
Gunnar Swanson ',' Graphic designers find themselves in a role of visual dishwashers for the Information Architects’ chefs.
Peter Fraterdeus ',' [Degenerate type is] a form of canned cynicism which will doom its perpetrators to a special room in hell where lovely little children of all races, creeds, and religions are eternally batched in gentle rosy and amber glows, singing “It’s a small world after all.” There’s no reason to create an alphabet which looks like it leaked out a diaper.
Paola Antonelli ',' People think that design is styling. Design is not style. It’s not about giving shape to the shell and not giving a damn about the guts. Good design is a renaissance attitude that combines technology, cognitive science, human need, and beauty to produce something that the world didn’t know it was missing.
Lao Tse ',' Thirty spokes meet in the hub,but the empty space between themis the essence of the wheel.Pots are formed from clay,but the empty space within itis the essence of the pot.Walls with windows and doorsform the house,but the empty space within itis the essence of the home.
James Hetfield ',' I mean there’s a fun in being hated, it puts a fire in your ass and it gets fucking boring to be loved by everyone.
Whitney Hess ',' Everybody is a user experience designer.
Milton Glaser ',' Solving any problem is more important than being right.
Mike Hicks ',' Computer design is quite often merely bad design done on a computer.
Anthony Dunne & Fiona Raby ',' We need to shift from designing applications to designing implications.
Will Rogers ',' Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don’t have for something they don’t need.
Steve Krug ',' Don’t let your design resist your readers. Don’t let it stand in the way of what they want to do: read.
Andy Clarke ',' We aren’t designing photocopies of web pages, we’re designing web pages.
Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres ',' Draw lines, young man, many lines; from memory or from nature – it is in this way you will become a good artist. (said to Edgar Degas)
Viran Anuradha Dayaratne ',' People don’t use a product because of the great design; great design helps them use the product.
Rudy Duke ',' A good designer may not have all the answers, but he knows which questions to ask.
Andrew Spittle ',' If a feature or product were legitimately easy the user would not be writing in to support about how stuck they are. Sure, some percentage of users will find questions to ask about any interface. But do you want to start the conversation by assuming the user falls into that percentage? You venture to learn much more if you assume the software is wrong, not the user.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' For web designers, there are four keys to surviving bad economic times: do good work, charge a fair price, lower your overhead, and be sure you are communicating with your client.
Kari Piippo ',' When Einstein realized, “Dear me, this universe with its wonders all adds up to E=mc2?,” he did not stop to think whether this concept would sell better set in Futura or Antikva.
David St. Hubbins ',' There is a very fine line between stupid and clever.
The Professor (on Futurama) ',' Everything is possible, that’s what science is all about. No, that’s what’s being a Magical Elf is all about.
Tao Te Ching ',' Deal with the difficult while it is yet easy;Deal with the great while it is yet small.
Yves Behar ',' Design is how you treat your customers. If you treat them well from an environmental, emotional, and aesthetic standpoint, you’re probably doing good design.
Josh Collinsworth ',' You do not need to have a great idea before you can begin working; you need to begin working before you can have a great idea.
Melinda Santillian ',' Being able to take ideas and transform them into something tangible is life-affirming.
Joe Croser ',' Standards are like toothbrushes, everybody agrees you should have one, but no one wants to use yours.
Paul Arden ',' If you can’t solve a problem, it’s because you’re playing by the rules.
Thomas Edison ',' Opportunity is missed by people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Stefan Sagmeister ',' I’m sure there are fine artists out there who keep the audience in mind when they work. But it’s not the accepted trajectory of the profession. Conversely, it’s very clear in design that what we do needs to be seen an understood by an audience.
Josef Muller-Brockmann ',' The grid system is an aid, not a guarantee.
Steve McGarry ',' As long as there are people, there will be user experience, and user interface designers.
Jacob Cass ',' The worst logo applied well is better than the best logo applied poorly.
Leisa Reichelt ',' Don’t design for everyone. It’s impossible. All you end up doing is designing something that makes everyone unhappy.
Fiel Valdez ',' Every practice has a set of rules which governs it. Mastery occurs with the realization of these rules. Innovation occurs at the point of intelligent and creative rebellion against them.
Victor Papanek ',' The only important thing about design is how it relates to people.
Jessica Hische ',' The work you do while you procrastinate is probably the work you should be doing for the rest of your life.
Victor Papanek ',' Any attempt to separate design, to make it a thing-by-itself, works counter to the inherent value of design as the primary, underlying matrix of life.
Pete Episcopo ',' Observation and imitation are so often the steps to creative maturation. An insightful person can turn these into innovation.
Jessica Hische ',' If you are on Craigslist to get a sofa, and you see one for free. You think there’s something tragically wrong with it – maybe there are bedbugs. But if you see a sofa on there for $2,500, you think ‘oh man, that sofa must be amazing’. It’s the same thing with art – you set your own value.
Jonathan Ive ',' It’s very easy to be different, but very difficult to be better.
Brittany Grabowski ',' After finishing a design you take a step back and a little voice pops in your head and says, “Wow. You should really just quit while you’re ahead.” Don’t ever listen to that voice. Ever.
Bill Cosby ',' I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Ben Shneiderman ',' A picture is worth a thousand words. An interface is worth a thousand pictures.
John D. Cook ',' When it comes to writing code, the number one most important skill is how to keep a tangle of features from collapsing under the weight of its own complexity.
Elon Musk ',' Any product that needs a manual to work is broken.
Carin Goldberg ',' “Fun” is a tricky word. People think that if you’re having “fun”, you’re ignoring content, or you’re ignoring the importance of the piece. But that’s not true.
Merlin Mann ',' Stop. I’m not going to take any more input until I’ve made something with what I got.
Alex White ',' Elegance is not the abundance of simplicity. It is the absence of complexity.
Michael Behe ',' The conclusion of design flows naturally from the data; we should not shrink from it; we should embrace it and build on it.
Lester Beall ',' The moment clients realize that revisions are not an all-you-can-eat buffet, suddenly they realize they are not hungry.
Jay Dutta ',' Design is about enabling ideas, processes and products: making them approachable, usable, desireable and memorable.
Jack White ',' Well you’re in your little roomand you’re working on something goodbut if it’s really goodyou’re gonna need a bigger roomand when you’re in the bigger roomyou might not know what to doyou might have to think ofhow you got started sitting in your little room(from the song “Little Room”)
Steve Jobs ',' We make the whole widget.
Alan Cooper ',' If we want users to like our software we should design it to behave like a likeable person: respectful, generous and helpful.
Benjamin Franklin ',' Well done is better than well said.
Shane Meendering ',' Bad design shouts at you. Good design is the silent seller.
Charles Bukowski ',' Some people like what you do, some people hate what you do, but most people simply don’t give a damn.
David Carson ',' Don’t mistake legibility for communication.
Matthew Carter ',' Type is a beautiful group of letters, not a group of beautiful letters.
Shawn Lukas ',' A portfolio as pretty as pictures is nothing but a tip of the iceberg, the real treasure underlies the ocean.
Michael Schwab ',' I became a graphic artist because of the tools. I love working at a big drawing table with traditional tools: T-squares, compasses, mechanical pencils, French curves, blank ink, and graphite. At a computer, one works on a keyboard. I never considered myself a typist.
Robert Bringhurst ',' Typography at its best is a visual form of language linking timelessness and time.
Chikezie Ejiasi ',' Life is conversational. Web design should be the same way. On the web, you’re talking to someone you’ve probably never met – so it’s important to be clear and precise. Thus, well structured navigation and content organization goes hand in hand with having a good conversation.
God (from Futurama) ',' When you do things right, people won’t be sure you’ve done anything at all.
Stefan G. Bucher ',' All projects are different, but you have treat each one with care. Sometimes you get to build a luxury yacht; other times, it’ll be a rowboat. You still have to make sure the thing doesn’t spring a leak.
Charlie Chaplin ',' That’s what all we are: amateurs. We don’t live long enough to be anything else.
Josh Collinsworth ',' Machines can measure things a user will never notice, and users will notice things a machine can never measure. If a user thinks your site is slow, a speed test won’t convince them otherwise.
William Childs ',' Advertising is the one industry where all the experts seem to be the people who don’t work in it.
Maya Angelou ',' I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
David Ogilvy ',' The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
Henry Ford ',' A man who stops advertising to save money is like a man who stops a clock to save time.
Marco Suarez ',' Business owners need to realize that their design is a reflection of their business even if it is not intentional. If you don’t care about your design then your design is telling people that you don’t care about your business.
David Hockney ',' It’s all one to me: opera, painting, drawing, faxes.
Des Traynor ',' If you see a few lines of atrocious code, you can make a judgement about the programmer. By judging the programmer, you can judge his boss, and by judging his boss you can judge the company. That’s the nature of fractals.
Dieter Rams ',' The value, and especially the legitimization of design will be, in the future, measured more in terms of how it can enable us to survive… on this planet.
Jason Santa Maria ',' Design is not about innovation. Design is about communication. Innovation in design is usually a wonderful byproduct or direct result of a particular need. Design that seeks to foremost be innovative will commonly fall apart under its own stylistic girth.
John Tanedo ',' Design to express, not to impress.
April Greiman ',' More designers should share space, share resources. Sort of an upscale communism.
Minh D. Tran ',' Great design is eliminating all unnecessary details.
George Lois ',' To create great work, here’s how you must spend your time:1% Inspiration9% Perspiration90% Justification
Robynne Raye ',' For me, design is like choosing what I’m going to wear for the day – only much more complicated and not really the same at all.
Jackson Pollock ',' The modern artist is working with space and time, and expressing his feelings rather than illustrating.
Ralph Caplan ',' Design is a process for making things right, for shaping what people need.
Paul Rand ',' Don’t try to be original try to be good.
Paul Attwood ',' Decisions on artwork by committee end up being made on the premise of not turning people off rather than turning people on.
Andrew Grove ',' How well we communicate is determined not by how well we say things, but how well we are understood.
Bob Baxley ',' Like all forms of design, visual design is about problem solving, not about personal preference or unsupported opinion.
Scott Theisen ',' A designer, like an archaeologist or geologist; researches, uncovers and adds context to precious, overlooked treasures by digging deep beneath the surface.
Dave McClure ',' Features are like having sex.  You make one mistake and you have to support it for life.
Jared Spool ',' When we have clients who are thinking about Flash splash pages, we tell them to go to their local supermarket and bring a mime with them. Have the mime stand in front of the supermarket, and, as each customer tries to enter, do a little show that lasts two minutes, welcoming them to the supermarket and trying to explain the bread is on aisle six and milk is on sale today.Then stand back and count how many people watch the mime, how many people get past the mime as quickly as possible, and how many people punch the mime out.That should give you a good idea as to how well their splash page will be received.
Alejandro Magallanes ',' It’s not the paper’s fault that so much shit is printed.
Bill Moyers ',' Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.
John Gall ',' A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. The inverse proposition also appears to be true: A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be made to work. You have to start over, beginning with a working simple system.
Paul Graham ',' It takes confidence to throw work away … When people first start drawing, they’re often reluctant to redo parts that aren’t right … they convince themselves that the drawing is not that bad, really — in fact, maybe they meant it to look that way.
Oren Sherman ',' Artists are natural marketers for everyone but themselves.
Adam Judge ',' Users will tell you what they think they want.Users will tell you what they think you want to hear.Users will tell you what they think sounds good.Users will not tell you what you need to know.You have to watch them to discover that.
Miguel de Cervantes ',' Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.
Michael Schwab ',' I’ve always considered myself a graphic artists – a draftsman – as opposed to a typist. I do still work on a drawing table. At times drawing on a computer feels like I’m drawing on an Etch-a-Sketch.
Albert Einstein ',' If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it.
Mandy Brown ',' Always read with a pen in hand. The pen should be used both to mark the text you want to remember and to write from where the text leaves you. Think of the text as the starting point for your own words.
Douglas Adams ',' A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
Khoi Vinh ',' There are too many elements on most web pages to affix or align each one to the baseline grid. Doing so would require a mathematical rigor that, if it can be achieved, might produce rationally exact measurements and placements but will most likely be something less than elegant. The result would be a design driven by math, rather than a design that uses math to create an elegant product.
Ralph Waldo Emerson ',' Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Lou Dorfsman ',' There’s no such thing as boring design projects, just boring designers.
Aditya Mahesh ',' Chances are, unless I’m a designer, I don’t know what I want. All I know is I want something functional that looks good, is comparable with my competitors, and features constant colour schemes for branding. I’ll look at other designs that have already been created and ask for something similar. Hence, it is important that you can take the information I give and help me visualize what it is you think I want.
Petronius ',' Moderation in all things, including moderation.
Larry Marine ',' It is far better to adapt the technology to the user than to force the user to adapt to the technology.
Gemma O’Brien ',' The great thing about personal work is that it can shape your commercial work. Clients see what you create for yourself and that can be the starting point for a new project, which closes the cap between the work you love making and the work you get paid for.
Plato ',' We should pursue and practice moderation.
Ken Peters ',' Designers deal in ideas. They give shape to ideas that shape our world, enrich everyday experiences, and improve our lives. Where there’s confusion, designers fashion clarity; where there’s chaos, designers construct order; where there’s entropy, designers promote vitality; where there’s indifference, designers swell passion; where there’s mediocrity, designers imbue excellence; and where there’s silence, designers lend voice.
Kyle Steed ',' Take a walk. Dance a jig. Get some sun. Don’t take yourself to serious. Cook something ethnic. Play the 3 chords you know on guitar. Go get coffee. Tell a bad joke, to yourself, and laugh. Look at the way a leaf is made. Overhear someone else’s conversation. Write it down. Remember it later. Get some sleep.
Scott Belsky ',' To envision what will be, you must remove yourself from the constant concern for what already is.
Marco Arment ',' As with most social phenomena, social-network success tends to happen more organically and unpredictably than anyone is able to artificially create by throwing money at it.
Kyle Neath ',' … another misinterpretation that’s always bugged me: Ship early, ship often OR Ship quality product. Quality isn’t something to be sacrificed … Ship early, ship often, sacrificing features, never quality.
Chris Anderson ',' Nail the basics first, detail the details later.
Seymour Chwast ',' If you dig a hole and it’s in the wrong place, digging it deeper isn’t going to help.
Georgia O’Keeffe ',' To see takes time.
Carlo Angelini ',' Leafing through an old magazine, I noticed a small ad about a design course by mail. The headline read, “Art for pleasure and profit!” I have never found a better definition to describe my profession. Of course, at times it is more the pleasure and less the profit, at times the contrary. But if one of the components were missing, design wouldn’t exist.
Eleanor Roosevelt ',' It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.
Thomas Edison ',' There ain’t no rules around here. We’re trying to accomplish something.
Paul Huizinga ',' A good design can feel like something you have always been waiting for without knowing.
Coach John Wooden ',' It’s the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
Hans-Redolf Lutz ',' One of the tragedies of the design scene is that it always acts too late.
Kun-Hee Lee ',' An enterprise’s most vital assets lie in its design and other creative capabilities.
Cassie Kozyrkov ',' Machines are better than me at whatever they’re for. That’s the point of tools. A calculator is better than me at 238÷182 and a bucket is better than me at holding water.
Shunryu Suzuki ',' In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s mind there are few.
Scott Adams ',' Ideas are worthless. Execution is everything.
Orson Welles ',' Create your own visual style… let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.
Alrik Koudenburg ',' To be outstanding – get comfortable with being uncomfortable.
Harley-Davidson Annual Report ',' The secret to our enduring brand lies in delivering an experience rather than just a collection of products and services.
Tom Bissel ',' To create anything–whether a short story or a magazine profile or a film or a sitcom–is to believe, if only momentarily, you are capable of magic.
Robert L. Peters ',' Design creates culture. Culture shapes values. Values determine the future.
Martin Scorsese ',' There is no such thing as simple. Simple is hard.
Frank Lloyd Wright ',' Form follows function – that has been misunderstood. Form and function should be one, joined in a spiritual union.
Josh Collinsworth ',' You can be misunderstood exactly once. After that, you are not being misunderstood; you are communicating poorly.
Carolyn Wood ',' Turning away bad clients can leave you feeling oddly guilty. They’re sort of like alcoholic or meth head cousins who force you, by their own bad behavior into denying them things you wouldn’t deny other people. You’re left feeling not quite yourself.
Blue Saunders ',' Innovation is seldom hindered by platform.
Justin Durban ',' If you know how to use a pencil to draw, you could probably draw anything. Now apply that to everything in life.
Mark Pilgrim ',' Standards are like sex; one mistake, and you’re stuck supporting it forever!
Timothy Samara ',' Use two typeface families maximum. OK, maybe three.
Rudy VanderLans ',' They enjoy giving form to ideas. If designers were made of ideas, they’d be their own clients.
Arthur Koestler ',' The prerequisite of originality is the art of forgetting, at the proper moment, what we know.
Anne Lamott ',' I don’t want something special. I want something beautifully plain.
Ethan Marcotte ',' A friend once insisted to me that the plural of “moron” is “focus group.”
Hans Höger ',' Designers have a dual duty; contractually to their clients and morally to the later users and recipients of their work.
Jennifer Cirpici ',' If you want to be the designer that stands out of the rest, do something more than just designing. Make an interesting project like for charity, start an agency, hold an exhibition, start a design festival or build a site like Behance. Become interesting.
Tao Te Ching ',' Well established hierarchies are not easily uprooted
Marty Neumeier ',' A picture is worth a thousand dollars.
Rebecca Reubens ',' Design is to invent with intent. If you take away the ‘invent’ bit, you have an engineer. If you take away the ‘intent’ bit, you have an artist.
Saul Bass ',' Design is thinking made visual.
Ellen Lupton ',' Many desperate acts of design (including gradients, drop shadows, and the gratuitous use of transparency) are perpetuated in the absence of a strong concept. A good idea provides a framework for design decisions, guiding the work.
Nadine Buckley ',' Design should never be ridden with GGE’s (gratuitous graphic elements).
Stefan Sagmeister ',' When I am down, [I am] not good at any work, including design work.
Bill Tregle’s Dad ',' It’s amazing how much you can get done in a day if you just sit and you do it.
George Patton ',' Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack
Dan Roam ',' Whoever best describes the problem, is the one most likely to solve it.
Ken Peters ',' Cheap design is like a tattoo… once you get it you’re forever branded with it.
Calvin & Hobbes ',' Calvin: You can’t just turn on creativity like a faucet. You have to be in the right mood.Hobbes: What mood is that?Calvin: Last-minute panic.
Chris Campbell ',' When is the last time you saw a Lamborghini sale?
Tate Linden ',' Design is an opportunity to continue telling the story, not just to sum everything up.
Don Norman ',' Behavioral design is all about feeling in control. Includes: usability, understanding, but also the feel.
Sam Brown ',' Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
Edward Tufte ',' What is to be sought in designs for the display of information is the clear portrayal of complexity. Not the complication of the simple; rather the task of the designer is to give visual access to the subtle and the difficult – that is, revelation of the complex.
Paul Howalt ',' A lot of people in this business develop huge egos. Why? None of us is curing cancer. None of us is saving babies from burning buildings. We’re just a bunch of overpaid knuckleheads who think up nutty stuff for some other knuckleheads’ products.
Morgan Ashley ',' Just because it’s simple doesn’t mean it makes sense.
Alexander Isley ',' If you look at any designer you admire, whose work inspires you, and whose approach somehow resonates with you, I promise you’ll find a person who does not think of what they do as just their job.
Kevin Barnett ',' Simplicity will stand out, while complexity will get lost in the crowd.
Steven Poole ',' I say that flat is the new black; that 2D is the new avant-garde; that a surface doesn’t have to be ashamed of being a surface. Technology users of the world, unite: you have nothing to lose but your bas-relief buttons. Let us march forwards together, spurning chrome, into a cleaner, lighter future.
Arman Nobari ',' All things are designed, just some things more thoughtfully than others.
Wayne Hunt ',' Graphic designers are, by and large, selfish and spoiled. They stubbornly control and individually design things that a generally smaller than them, perfecting to a level appreciated only by people like them. They don’t share and play well with others.
Edward Tufte ',' Good design is a lot like clear thinking made visual.
Pablo Picasso ',' I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
William Shakespeare ',' I fill up a place, which may be better… when I have made it empty.
Andy Warhol ',' Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Kid Rock ',' If it sounds good, you’ll hear it. If it looks good, you’ll see it. If it’s marketed right, you’ll buy it. But if it’s real, you’ll feel it.
Brian Webb ',' I would show my jobs to my mother, and she would always say the same thing: “That’s nice dear.” And then she would say, “Did you write it?” or “Did you do the drawing?” or “Did you take the pictures?” I’d always answer “no,” then I realized the problem. My answer was then, “I made this happen. It’s called design.”
Steve Jobs ',' It’s really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don’t know what they want until you show it to them.
Luke Wroblewski ',' This is the web. Fix it.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe ',' He who cannot draw on three thousand years is living from hand to mouth.
Emigre ',' Design is a good idea.
Piet Zwart ',' The more uninteresting the letter, the more useful it is to the typographer.
Terry Acker ',' This is our job as designers – to continue making decisions until the purpose of the design is perfectly clear. Then you are done.
Salvador Dali ',' Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it.
Eliot Noyes ',' Good Design:1. Fulfills its function.2. Respects its materials.3. Is suited to method of production.4. Combines these in imaginative expression.
Ryan Singer ',' Orient your UI around the job to be done — around the problem — and not the person. Then people who have that problem can fall in love with your product because it makes the problem go away, whether they are the first in line or the last person to hear about it.
Andrés Segovia ',' It is not so hard to be original, what is hard, is to be original with continuity.
Bill Cahan ',' We unfortunately live in a corporate world where group decision making is made to avoid failure rather than to achieve success.
Dan Brown ',' Most [clients] expect experience design to be a discrete activity, solving all their problems with a single functional specification or a single research study. It must be an ongoing effort, a process of continually learning about users, responding to their behaviors, and evolving the product or service.
Herb Kelleher ',' We have a strategic plan. It’s called doing things.
Alex King ',' Experience has shown that our best customers are ones who have as much respect for our time as we have for theirs.
Erik Spiekermann ',' When graphic designers got bored with the perfection offered by the newly arrived computers that could render artwork to within a tiny pixel, they rebelled by writing programmes that randomized individual letters and whole pages every time a printer processed them. A designer who didn’t like what a copywriter had delivered even set that text in illegible pictograms and icons.
Richard Lenz ',' Those who say “it’s not personal, it’s just business” are lying. All business is personal, and the best business is very personal.
Robert Bringhurst ',' With type as with philosophy, music and food, it is better to have a little of the best than to be swamped with the derivative, the careless, the routine.
Benjamin Valbret ',' Designers are crazy and yet sane enough to know where to draw the line.
David Jury ',' Rules can be broken — but never ignored.
Pablo Picasso ',' Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Abraham Maslow ',' When the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to resemble a nail.
Bill Bernbach ',' We are so busying measuring public opinion that we forget we can mold it. We are so busy listening to statistics we forget we can create them.
Joe Duffy ',' The design business continues to navel gaze. Designers are still designing for other designers rather than working to convince the business world of the importance of design in our everyday lives.
Jeff Atwood ',' Teaching peers is one of the best ways to develop mastery.
JP Arevalo ',' I don’t care if you like it! I want to know if you understand it.
Alexander Isley ',' I don’t think of myself as an artist. I know some designers consider themselves such, but I can’t. This is not to say that I don’t hope that our work has artistic merit. Anyway, I never know how someone could proclaim himself or herself to be an ‘artist’; I think it should be a designation best left for others to bestow, much like ‘genius’ and ‘asshole’.
Francis Bacon ',' There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
Thomas Vasquez ',' No one ever discovered anything new by coloring inside the lines.
Samuel Antupit ',' If the bones don’t work, you’ve got a pile of skin.
Alexander Isley ',' A brand is the promise of an experience.
William Butler Yeats ',' Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Mark King ',' Design is the body language of your marketing. Don’t slouch.
Michael Gagliano ',' Technology makes what was once impossible possible. Design makes it real.
Rachel Hinman ',' We are only three decades into one of the most important revolutions the world has ever seen. In design development terms, that is a mere blink.
Heather Phillips ',' Being a graphic designer gets you used to rejection of your brilliance. So it’s good practice for dating.
Yoda ',' Do, or do not. There is no “try”.
Kristof Orts ',' Think outside the DIV.
Marcel Wanders ',' Functionality is so over-valued in design, and we’ve kept design very small in that way. Functionality is the sheer minimum. If your house burns down, what do you take? The cat in the window that you got from your mother, or the chair you have?
Unknown ',' What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
Georgia O’Keeffe ',' I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn’t say any other way – things I had no words for.
Neil Gaiman ',' The world always seems brighter when you’ve just made something that wasn’t there before.
Philip Gerard ',' You have to roll up your sleeves and be a stonecutter before you can become a sculptor – command of craft always precedes art: apprentice, journeyman, master.
Jeffrey Veen ',' I’ve been amazed at how often those outside the discipline of design assume that what designers do is decoration. Good design is problem solving.
Karen McGrane ',' For those who would argue that it’s impossible to evaluate designs without real content, let me ask this: why then, is it okay to evaluate content out of context of the designs?
Winston Churchill ',' A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Old Adage ',' Good, fast, or cheap… pick two.
Mark Twain ',' Supposing is good, but finding out is better.
Noreen Morioka ',' Being a famous designer is like being a famous dentist.
David Airey ',' Do not seek to change what has come before. Seek to create that which has not.
Adrian Shaughnessy ',' I recently saw another demonstration of graphic design’s ubiquity. Someone had taken a series of photographs of busy streets and then painstakingly removed all the logos, symbols, signs, colours, street names and road markings. In other words, they had removed all the graphic design from these photographs. The results were staggering. A world without graphic design is an unrecognizable world — more alien than all but the most extreme sci-fi imaginings.
Denise Harman ',' Preparation gives birth to self-confidence.
Kyle Meyer ',' What makes great design great is not a trendy technique, but the logic and conceptual aspect that were figured out in the designer’s mind – or on more likely, on paper – before a mouse cursor ever opened Photoshop.
David Craib ',' Design should never say, “Look at me.” It should always say, “Look at this.”
Rick Tharp ',' Never let your clients see you drive a more expensive car than they drive.
Tony Kim ',' Instead of searching for inspiration, how about you search out someone to inspire.
Stewart Brand ',' Style is time’s fool. Form is time’s student
Anton Fokker ',' Once the problem was stated, its solution came to me in a flash.
Osho ',' Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence.
Jon Hicks ',' Work hard and be nice to people. No one is born with the ability, and no one owes you anything. If you want to do something, start small and build it up. Then keep doing it!
Juan-Carlos Fernandez ',' Bad design is smoke, while good design is a mirror.
Mat Helme ',' You want something done, ask someone busy.
Luke Crawford ',' The thing that’s so wonderful about using beautiful, appropriate tools is that they become an extension of you, your body, you fingertips, and your mind. They get out of the way and let you directly interact with the problem you are solving. Everyone’s tried to remove a screw without a screwdriver; a task quickly becomes impossible that otherwise would be trivial.
James Goldsmith ',' If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
Ana Cummings ',' Inspired interiors indubitably involve ingenious imitations of inspired interiors.
Sammuel Nevarez ',' Discontentment and reiteration are vital to good design.
Emil Ruder ',' Typography has one plain duty before it and that is to convey information in writing. No argument or consideration can absolve typography from this duty.
Bob Ross ',' Talent is a pursued interest. In other words, anything you are willing to practice, you can do.
Stefan G. Bucher ',' Making good design is easy. It’s polishing the half-assed stuff that takes time.
Martine Moeykens ',' I love designing, it is something which permeates my whole living, whether it is simply choosing the colour of my clothes in the morning or organising my household. Design to me is akin to beauty, an externalisation of my inner process regarding beauty & contentment with life.
Willie Nelson ',' If I forget the words, they weren’t very memorable in the first place.
Bruce Lee ',' … try to absorb what is useful, discard what is useless, and add what is essentially your own.
Ellen Lupton ',' To say a grid is limiting is to say that language is limiting, or typography is limiting.
Bill Bernbach ',' Find the simple story in the product, and present it in an articulate and intelligent, persuasive way.
Andy Altmann ',' Getting addicted to design is bad for design.
Matthew Haeck ',' Sometimes the best way to prove your own value is to let a client play the field.
George Santayana ',' Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humours.
Jonathan Snook ',' When you’re passionate about what you do, you become an evangelist for the very thing you do.
Chris Clark ',' The process is really just Iterate, Iterate, Iterate.
Alexander Isley ',' The way something looks is the last thing we figure out.
Ward Schumaker ',' The second best friend you can have (the first being someone who can give you a good job) is another designer or illustrator.
Ray Eames ',' What works good is better than what looks good, because what works good lasts.
Alex Zevallos ',' Babe Ruth was a Home Run king but he was also a strike out king. Always go for the fences, even if it means some designs strike out with clients. That’s the only way to hit a home run.
Jason Demetillo ',' Being a designer is like being a porn star. You’re hot & popular for a year or two, then everyone goes off and finds something new to screw around too.
Abraham Lincoln ',' Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Marc Chagall ',' If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.
Havoc Pennington ',' In the presence of good rationale, maintainers should be willing to change their mind often.
37 Signals ',' Inspiration is perishable.
Alina Wheeler ',' Design is intelligence made visible.
Frank Zappa ',' Without deviation from the norm progress is not possible.
Neil Gajera ',' Design works best when it gets out of the user’s way.
Josh Lovejoy ',' Machine learning won’t figure out what problems to solve. If you aren’t aligned with a human need, you’re just going to build a very powerful system to address a very small—or perhaps nonexistent—problem.
Paul Klee ',' Art does not reproduce what we see; rather, it makes us see.
Salvador Dali ',' No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Vanessa Workoff ',' Write it down. You will lose thoughts, you thought, that you thought.
An Autobody Sign ',' My rates are as follows:$50/hr.$75/hr. if you watch$100/hr. if you help
Charles Eames ',' Never let the blood show.
Steve Jobs ',' When you’re a carpenter making a beautiful chest of drawers, you’re not going to use a piece of plywood on the back, even though it faces the wall and nobody will ever see it. You’ll know it’s there, so you’re going to use a beautiful piece of wood on the back. For you to sleep well at night, the aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.
Larry Erickson ',' Using simpler forms and straightforward, easy-to-use instruments and controls allows you to achieve a very high level of craftsmanship. We then use color and texture to create a personality for each vehicle.
Richard Buckminster Fuller ',' When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution isn’t beautiful, I know it is wrong.
Lorem Ipsum (translation) ',' There is no one who loves pain itself, who seeks after it and wants to have it, simply because it is pain….
Sabo Tercero ',' We are all designers, the difference is that only a few of us do it full-time.
Clement Mok ',' Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era – it’s a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.
Ivan Chermayeff ',' Sometimes there is no need to be either clever or original.
Ricardo Zea ',' Learning Web Design is like playing video games: You start small and build your character as you progress, then you beat the boss, literally.
Massimo Vignelli ',' Styles come and go. Good design is a language, not a style.
Steve Krug ',' Don’t make me think.
Charlie Deitch ',' There’s big money in studying art … if you own the school.
Dan Meyer ',' What problem have you solved, ever, that was worth solving where you knew all the given information in advance? No problem worth solving is like that. In the real world; you have a surplus of information and you have to filter it or; you don’t have sufficient information and you have to go find some.
Von R. Glitschka ',' Marketing without design is lifeless, and design without marketing is mute.
William Childs ',' All the Photoshop filters in the world won’t save a weak design.
Robert Brownjohn (when asked What is graphic design?) ',' I am.
Mariona Lopez ',' Design is a formal response to a strategic question.
John Maeda ',' If you are going to have less things, they have to be great things.
Jonah Lehrer ',' Rejection process is not fun. It’s the red pen on the page, the discarded sketch, sometimes is the only way forward.
Cassie McDaniel ',' Designers must be stewards of design rather than dictators.
Rodney Davidson ',' I have found the best people to work with are gay men. They never have to ‘run it past their wives.’
Christian Lindholm ',' Most companies are looking to “wow” with their products, when in reality what they should be looking for is an “of course” reaction from their users.
Carl Heaton ',' Design from the spine and you’ll be fine.
Lorraine Wild ',' You have to be interested in culture to design for it.
Steven Heller ',' As a profession, graphic designers have been shamefully remiss or ineffective about plying their craft for social or political betterment.
Rob Morris ',' If it were easy to nut out tricky design problems, I might be out of a job. But it’s also true that the cleverness in most lateral design doesn’t come from blindly grinding away at the same concept. When you’re dealing with ideas, it’s rarely a matter of simply putting in more time working. Five minutes can be much more fruitful than five hours.
Adrian Shaughnessy ',' Graphic design has been likened to a wine glass. When we drink wine we barely notice the glass it’s served in. It wouldn’t be true to say that we don’t care what glass we drink out of – we wouldn’t choose to drink a rare vintage out of a Tupperware mug, for example – but it’s the wine that matters, not the vessel it comes in.
Michael Cina ',' What’s the hardest thing to communicate? The hardest thing is to communicate.
James Randolph Adams ',' Great designers seldom make great advertising men, because they get overcome by the beauty of the picture – and forget that merchandise must be sold.
Ben Bleikamp ',' And so we have an issue. A classic impasse. Management wants process. Developers want to build something that works. Designers want to spend time thinking about use cases. What do we do?
Jeffrey Veen ',' Math is easy; design is hard.
Wim Crouwel ',' You can’t do better design with a computer, but you can speed up your work enormously.
Raymond Loewy ',' Success finally came when we were able to convince some creative men that good appearance was a salable commodity, that it often cut costs, enhanced a product’s prestige, raised corporate profits, benefited the customer and increased employment.
Bob Gill ',' Be stimulated by rejection.
John Carmack ',' If you want to set off and go develop some grand new thing, you don’t need millions of dollars of capitalization. You need enough pizza and Diet Coke to stick in your refrigerator, a cheap PC to work on and the dedication to go through with it.
Andrew Frigo ',' Helvetica is like a really good friend. You go off and hang with the other fonts (the artsy, grungy, trendy, thin, fat, tall, scripty types) and even use them a little, but helvetica is always there. A nice stable friend.
Jeffrey Zeldman ',' Don’t worry about people stealing your design work. Worry about the day they stop.
Henry Ford ',' You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do.
Albert Einstein ',' The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh ',' Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Robin Mathew ',' Design is where science and art break even.
Andy Warhol ',' You can be watching TV and see Coca-Cola, and you know that the President drinks Coke, Liz Taylor drinks Coke, and just think, you can drink Coke, too. A Coke is a Coke and no amount of money can get you a better Coke than the one the bum on the corner is drinking. All the Cokes are the same and all the Cokes are good. Liz Taylor knows it, the President knows it, the bum knows it, and you know it.
Robert Bringhurst ',' In a well-made book, where designer, compositor and printer have all done their jobs, no matter how many thousands of lines and pages they must occupy, the letters are alive. They dance in their seats. Sometimes they rise and dance in the margins and aisles.
Andy Clarke ',' Web design is responsive design. Responsive web design is web design, done right.
Braden Kowitz ',' It’s not uncommon for designers to confuse a beautiful looking product with one that works beautifully.
Carrie Phillips ',' I’m convinced that without bad design, the world would be a far less stimulating place; we would have nothing to marvel over and nothing to be nostalgic about.
David Ogilvy ',' Do you think advertisement can sell if nobody can read it? You cannot save souls in an empty church.
Charles Mingus ',' You can’t improvise on nothing man; you’ve gotta improvise on something.
Dale Harris ',' Good ideas never go out of style.
Ståle Melvær ',' Stop looking at yourself as a designer, and start thinking of yourself as a deliverer of ideas.
Hristo Panayotov ',' Best thing about creating something is that it starts living it’s own life.
Walt Disney ',' I can never stand still. I must explore and experiment. I am never satisfied with my work. I resent the limitations of my own imagination.
